CourtLink, which has 160 employees, developed a filing system that enables judges, lawyers and court clerks to process pleadings, motions and other documents electronically over a secure connection.
0	"CourtLink which has 160 employees"	"developed"	"a filing system"	1
0	"CourtLink"	"developed"	"a filing system electronically over a secure connection"	0
0	"CourtLink which has 160 employees"	"developed"	"a filing system electronically over a secure connection"	1
0	"a filing system"	"to process"	"pleadings motions and other documents"	1
A graduate of the University of Arizona, she is a lecturer in writing at Princeton University and an author under the name of Kathryn Watterson Burkhart.
1	"she"	"is"	"a lecturer at Princeton University"	1
1	"A graduate of the University of Arizona"	"is"	"a lecturer in writing"	0
1	"A graduate of the University of Arizona"	"is"	"a lecturer in writing at Princeton University"	0
1	"A graduate of the University of Arizona"	"is"	"a lecturer"	0
1	"A graduate of the University of Arizona"	"is"	"a lecturer at Princeton University"	0
1	"she"	"is"	"a lecturer in writing at Princeton University"	1
1	"she"	"is"	"a lecturer in writing"	1
The events occurred in July.
Terrorist attacks by E.T.A. have declined in recent years and the number of its hardcore militants is thought to have fallen from the hundreds of 15 years ago to several score.
3	"the number of its hardcore militants"	"is thought to have fallen"	"from the hundreds of 15 years"	1
Mr. Mahdi and Mr. Chalabi say they aim to form a "national unity" government with Iraq's main political leaders, presumably including Mr. Allawi.
4	"Mr. Mahdi and Mr. Chalabi"	"aim to form"	"a  national unity  government"	1
4	"Mr. Mahdi and Mr. Chalabi"	"aim to form"	"a  national unity  government with Iraq 's main political leaders"	1
4	"Mr. Mahdi and Mr. Chalabi"	"including"	"Mr. Allawi"	1
"The girls want to protect themselves."
He also had stints with the New York Philharmonic, Metropolitan Opera Orchestra, CBS Symphony and Symphony of the Air, the NBC Symphony's successor.
6	"He"	"had"	"stints"	0
In recent weeks, as the incentive wars have escalated, other automakers have beefed up their warranties.
7	"other automakers"	"have beefed up"	"In recent weeks their warranties"	0
7	"other automakers"	"have beefed up"	"wars their warranties"	1
7	"other automakers"	"have beefed up"	"as the incentive their warranties"	1
President Bush deserves much credit for sharply increasing United States financing for AIDS prevention programs overseas.
8	"President Bush"	"deserves"	"much credit for sharply increasing United States financing"	1
8	"President Bush"	"deserves"	"much credit for AIDS prevention programs overseas"	1
"The opportunity is significant and I hope we can take the opportunity to move forward," he said referring to his coming trip to Britain.
9	"he"	"said referring"	"to his coming trip"	0
9	"he"	"said referring"	"to Britain"	1
9	"he"	"said referring"	"to his coming trip to Britain"	0
9	"The opportunity"	"can take"	"the opportunity"	1
And, since, as any reputable language teacher knows, bilingualism in the school merely reinforces what the child hears at home - and slows his learning of English - the whole idea is pointless.
10	"any reputable language teacher"	"slows"	"his learning"	0
In its most recent survey, the Congress for New Urbanism, a nonprofit organization based in Chicago, reported 648 neighborhood-scale New Urbanist communities in the United States, an increase of 176 over a 12-month period.
11	"the Congress for New Urbanism"	"is"	"a nonprofit organization based in Chicago"	1
11	"a nonprofit organization based in Chicago"	"reported"	"648 neighborhood-scale New Urbanist communities in the United States"	1
11	"a nonprofit organization based in Chicago"	"reported"	"648 neighborhood-scale New Urbanist communities"	1
11	"a nonprofit organization based in Chicago"	"based"	"in Chicago"	1
11	"the Congress for New Urbanism"	"based"	"in Chicago"	1
Meanwhile, the truth - that in most families where child abuse (sexual or otherwise) takes place, women are also victimized, either through dominance and control or actual violence - that reality is smokescreened, and the problem of the powerful abusing their power is perpetuated.
12	"women"	"takes"	"place"	1
12	"sexual or otherwise takes place"	"takes"	"place"	1
It goes against all that this country stands for.
But inexpensive point-and-shoot cameras can do the job if they have a telephoto setting or a zoom lens.
14	"inexpensive point-and-shoot cameras"	"can do"	"the job they"	1
14	"inexpensive point-and-shoot cameras"	"have"	"a telephoto setting"	1
14	"inexpensive point-and-shoot cameras"	"have"	"a telephoto setting or a zoom lens"	1
Few have tried, and far fewer have succeeded.
We can use a little more of that trust this year.
16	"We"	"can use"	"a little"	1
16	"We"	"can use"	"a little this year"	1
The Embassy said 6,700 Americans were in Pakistan.
Along with Dow Jones and Microsoft, the companies included CNN, but not its parent, AOL Time Warner.
"I'd recommend three Xanax, a great bottle of cabernet and looking for a new publicist.
19	"I"	"'d recommend"	"three Xanax a great bottle of"	1
The case is being appealed.
Doctors in Pennsylvania and West Virginia are expected to notify S.M.I. bioterror experts of any "suspicious event," from an unusual rash to a finger lost in an explosion, identifying but not informing the patient.
21	"Doctors in Pennsylvania and West Virginia"	"are expected to notify"	"S.M.I. bioterror experts"	0
21	"Doctors in Pennsylvania and West Virginia"	"are expected to notify"	"S.M.I. bioterror experts of any  suspicious event"	0
21	"Doctors in Pennsylvania and West Virginia"	"are expected to notify"	"S.M.I. bioterror experts of any  suspicious event from an unusual rash"	0
21	"Doctors in Pennsylvania and West Virginia"	"are expected to notify"	"S.M.I. bioterror experts from an unusual rash"	0
21	"Doctors in Pennsylvania and West Virginia"	"lost"	"in an explosion"	1
21	"Doctors in Pennsylvania and West Virginia"	"not informing"	"the patient"	0
Nothing else is untouched, regardless of its provenance.
22	"Nothing"	"is"	"untouched"	1
A large influx is going to create problems.
Morningwood Ulysses S. Grant, the second-ranked basset hound in 1998, was received, the quota had been filled.
McGaughey said that Personal Ensign might race again in New York this year and definitely would race next year and be pointed for the Breeders' Cup.
25	"McGaughey"	"said"	"that Personal Ensign might race again in New York this year and definitely"	1
25	"McGaughey"	"be pointed"	"for the Breeders ' Cup"	0
25	"Personal Ensign"	"might race"	"in New York this year"	1
25	"Personal Ensign"	"might race"	"in New York"	1
25	"Personal Ensign"	"might race"	"this year"	1
The region is still far from rebuilt, despite Government promises to have the work completed within two years, and there have been accusations of corruption and misuse of relief funds.
26	"The region"	"is"	"still far from rebuilt"	1
26	"The region"	"is"	"still far from rebuilt Government"	0
26	"The region"	"is"	"from rebuilt"	1
26	"The region"	"is"	"from rebuilt Government"	1
26	"Government"	"rebuilt promises to have"	"the work"	0
26	"Government"	"completed"	"within two years"	1
26	"there"	"have been"	"accusations of corruption and misuse of relief funds"	0
Simmons said she would not reveal her opinion on reparations so as not to influence the committee.
An asbestos and lead survey found "a substantial amount" of asbestos in the buildings.
28	"An asbestos and lead survey"	"found"	"a substantial amount  in the buildings"	0
28	"An asbestos and lead survey"	"found"	"a substantial amount "	1
28	"An asbestos and lead survey"	"found"	"a substantial amount  of asbestos in the buildings"	1
28	"An asbestos and lead survey"	"found"	"a substantial amount  of asbestos"	1
Meanwhile, Ms. Coughlin is pursuing her case in a Federal court in Nevada against the last remaining defendant, the Las Vegas Hilton, which has denied it negligently failed to provide adequate security.
29	"the Las Vegas Hilton which has denied it"	"failed to provide"	"adequate security"	0
29	"the Las Vegas Hilton"	"failed to provide"	"adequate security"	0
To reach the museums by foot, leave from the station's 30th Street exit and walk along J.
In lieu of flowers, donations in his memory can be made to the International Myeloma Foundation, 12650 Riverside Drive, Suite 206, North Hollywood, CA.
31	"donations in his memory"	"can be made"	"In lieu of flowers"	1
31	"donations in his memory"	"can be made"	"In lieu of flowers to the International Myeloma Foundation"	1
Julian Stark does his own hapless stunts in his takeoff on the "Hercules" movies starring Steve Reeves; Shannon Plumb contributes a Chaplinesque "Diary of a Mad Housewife."
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts in his takeoff movies starring Steve Reeves ;: Shannon Plumb"	0
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts Hercules movies starring Steve Reeves ;: Shannon"	0
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts movies starring Steve Reeves ;: Shannon Plumb"	1
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts in his takeoff movies starring Steve Reeves ;: Shannon Plumb a Chaplinesque  Diary of a Mad Housewife ."	1
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts movies starring Steve Reeves ;: Shannon Plumb a Chaplinesque  Diary of a Mad Housewife ."	1
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts in his takeoff Hercules"	0
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts in his takeoff movies starring Steve Reeves ;: Shannon a Chaplinesque  Diary of a Mad Housewife ."	1
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts in his takeoff Hercules movies starring Steve Reeves ;: Shannon"	0
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts movies starring Steve Reeves ;: Shannon"	0
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts in his takeoff Hercules a Chaplinesque  Diary of a Mad Housewife ."	0
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts Plumb a Chaplinesque  Diary of a Mad Housewife ."	1
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts Hercules movies starring Steve Reeves ;: Shannon a Chaplinesque  Diary of a Mad Housewife ."	1
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts in his takeoff Hercules movies starring Steve Reeves ;: Shannon a Chaplinesque  Diary of a Mad Housewife ."	1
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts in his takeoff Plumb a Chaplinesque  Diary of a Mad Housewife ."	0
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts in his takeoff a Chaplinesque  Diary of a Mad Housewife ."	0
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts in his takeoff movies starring Steve Reeves ;: Shannon"	0
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts in his takeoff Hercules Plumb"	0
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts in his takeoff"	0
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts Hercules"	0
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts Hercules Plumb"	0
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts in his takeoff Hercules movies starring Steve Reeves ;: Shannon Plumb a Chaplinesque  Diary of a Mad Housewife ."	1
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts Hercules movies starring Steve Reeves ;: Shannon Plumb"	1
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts Hercules Plumb a Chaplinesque  Diary of a Mad Housewife ."	1
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts a Chaplinesque  Diary of a Mad Housewife ."	0
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts Hercules a Chaplinesque  Diary of a Mad Housewife ."	0
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts movies starring Steve Reeves ;: Shannon a Chaplinesque  Diary of a Mad Housewife ."	1
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts Plumb"	0
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts in his takeoff Hercules Plumb a Chaplinesque  Diary of a Mad Housewife ."	0
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts Hercules movies starring Steve Reeves ;: Shannon Plumb a Chaplinesque  Diary of a Mad Housewife ."	1
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts in his takeoff Hercules movies starring Steve Reeves ;: Shannon Plumb"	0
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts in his takeoff Plumb"	0
32	"Julian Stark"	"starring"	"Steve Reeves"	1
The negative outlook also reflects the possibility of "further managerial instability and movement, financial penalties, findings supporting shareholder litigation and further reserve adjustments.
33	"The negative outlook"	"reflects"	"the possibility of  further managerial instability and movement"	0
33	"The negative outlook"	"reflects"	"the possibility of  further managerial instability and movement financial penalties findings supporting shareholder litigation and further reserve adjustments"	1
33	"The negative outlook"	"reflects"	"the possibility financial penalties"	0
33	"The negative outlook"	"reflects"	"the possibility of  further managerial instability and movement findings supporting shareholder litigation and further reserve adjustments"	1
33	"The negative outlook"	"reflects"	"the possibility financial penalties findings supporting shareholder litigation and further reserve adjustments"	1
33	"The negative outlook"	"reflects"	"the possibility"	0
33	"The negative outlook"	"reflects"	"the possibility of  further managerial instability and movement financial penalties"	0
33	"The negative outlook"	"reflects"	"the possibility findings supporting shareholder litigation and further reserve adjustments"	1
33	"The negative outlook"	"supporting"	"shareholder litigation and further reserve adjustments"	1
33	"The negative outlook"	"supporting"	"shareholder litigation"	1
My words were as perishable as doodles on an Etch-a-Sketch, I got half the money for twice the work, and I had to share the writer's credit.
34	"My words"	"were"	"as perishable on an Etch-a-Sketch"	0
34	"My words"	"were"	"as perishable"	0
34	"My words"	"got"	"half the money for twice the work"	0
34	"My words"	"got"	"half the money"	0
34	"My words"	"had to share"	"the writer 's credit"	1
Although the classic loafer can travel anywhere, this spring's variations are certainly a step in a new direction.
Eventually, they say, fares should cover about 50 percent of the costs of the system, up from the current 25 to 38 percent, depending on the method of calculation.
36	"fares"	"should cover"	"about 50 percent"	1
36	"fares"	"should cover"	"about 50 percent of the costs of the system"	1
36	"fares"	"depending"	"on the method of calculation"	1
Taken for granted it sometimes may be, but this year the Defense Department sought $950 million in assistance from Congress (and secured half that amount) for Ankara's huge military machine, which includes the biggest standing army in NATO outside the United States.
37	"the Defense Department"	"sought"	"$ 950 million in assistance from Congress"	1
37	"the Defense Department"	"secured"	"half"	1
37	"the Defense Department"	"secured"	"half that amount"	1
37	"the Defense Department"	"secured"	"half for Ankara 's huge military machine which"	0
37	"the Defense Department"	"secured"	"half that amount for Ankara 's huge military machine which"	0
37	"Ankara 's huge military machine"	"includes"	"the biggest standing army outside the United States"	0
An article last Sunday about the purchase of 40 Wall Street referred incorrectly to the buyer's arrangements with the owner of the land.
38	"about the purchase of 40 Wall Street"	"referred"	"with the owner of the land"	0
38	"about the purchase of 40 Wall Street"	"referred"	"to the buyer 's arrangements"	1
38	"about the purchase of 40 Wall Street"	"referred"	"to the buyer 's arrangements with the owner of the land"	1
But if it does happen, Senator Pell will no longer be around to receive special back-room briefings from Uri Geller, the psychic spoon-bender.
39	"Senator Pell"	"to receive"	"special back-room briefings from Uri Geller the psychic spoon-bender"	0
39	"Senator Pell"	"to receive"	"special back-room briefings from Uri Geller"	0
39	"Senator Pell"	"to receive"	"special back-room briefings the psychic spoon-bender"	0
The Giants convened today to begin their first preparations for Monday night's game in Minnesota against the Vikings.
40	"The Giants"	"convened to begin"	"their first preparations for Monday night 's game against the Vikings"	1
40	"The Giants"	"convened to begin"	"today their first preparations for Monday night 's game"	1
40	"The Giants"	"convened to begin"	"their first preparations for Monday night 's game"	1
40	"The Giants"	"convened to begin"	"their first preparations for Monday night 's game in Minnesota"	1
40	"The Giants"	"convened to begin"	"today their first preparations for Monday night 's game against the Vikings"	0
40	"The Giants"	"convened to begin"	"their first preparations against the Vikings"	0
40	"The Giants"	"convened to begin"	"their first preparations in Minnesota"	1
40	"The Giants"	"convened to begin"	"their first preparations in Minnesota against the Vikings"	0
40	"The Giants"	"convened to begin"	"today their first preparations"	1
40	"The Giants"	"convened to begin"	"today their first preparations for Monday night 's game in Minnesota against the Vikings"	1
40	"The Giants"	"convened to begin"	"today their first preparations against the Vikings"	0
40	"The Giants"	"convened to begin"	"today their first preparations in Minnesota"	1
40	"The Giants"	"convened to begin"	"today their first preparations for Monday night 's game in Minnesota"	1
40	"The Giants"	"convened to begin"	"their first preparations for Monday night 's game in Minnesota against the Vikings"	1
40	"The Giants"	"convened to begin"	"today their first preparations in Minnesota against the Vikings"	0
John Lamar Odom, pastor of the First Presbyterian Church in Oceanside, L.I., were married yesterday.
41	"pastor of the First Presbyterian Church in Oceanside L.I."	"were"	"married"	0
41	"pastor of the First Presbyterian Church in Oceanside L.I."	"were"	"married yesterday"	0
41	"John Lamar Odom"	"were"	"married"	1
41	"John Lamar Odom"	"were"	"married yesterday"	1
The World Health Organization has issued a report detailing an ambitious, often covert effort by the tobacco industry to curb global anti-smoking initiatives, dating back to the late 1980's.
42	"The World Health Organization"	"has issued"	"a report by the tobacco industry"	1
42	"The World Health Organization"	"has issued"	"a report to curb global anti-smoking initiatives"	1
42	"The World Health Organization"	"has issued"	"a report by the tobacco industry to curb global anti-smoking initiatives"	1
42	"The World Health Organization"	"detailing"	"an ambitious often covert effort by the tobacco industry to curb global anti-smoking initiatives"	1
42	"The World Health Organization"	"detailing"	"an ambitious often covert effort by the tobacco industry"	1
42	"The World Health Organization"	"detailing"	"an ambitious often covert effort"	1
42	"The World Health Organization"	"detailing"	"an ambitious often covert effort to curb global anti-smoking initiatives"	1
42	"The World Health Organization"	"curb"	"global anti-smoking initiatives"	0
Kent was not told of the situation until the game was over.
43	"Kent"	"was not told"	"of the situation game"	0
43	"Kent"	"was not told"	"of the situation until the"	0
43	"Kent"	"was not told"	"until the"	0
43	"Kent"	"was not told"	"game"	0
43	"Kent"	"was not told"	"of the situation until the game"	1
43	"Kent"	"was not told"	"until the game"	1
It has set up a robotic system that systematically tests all 2,000 existing chemical drugs in combinations of two.
44	"a robotic system"	"tests"	"all 2,000 existing chemical drugs"	0
The state-run English-language Teheran Times reported that Parliament would begin debate on the Cabinet on Tuesday, with "two weeks to complete discussions and vote."
45	"The state-run English-language Teheran Times"	"reported"	"that Parliament would begin debate on the Cabinet on Tuesday with  two weeks to complete discussions and vote"	1
45	"Parliament"	"would begin"	"debate"	1
45	"Parliament"	"would begin"	"debate on the Cabinet on Tuesday"	0
45	"Parliament"	"would begin"	"debate on the Cabinet with  two weeks"	1
45	"Parliament"	"would begin"	"debate on the Cabinet"	0
45	"Parliament"	"would begin"	"debate with  two weeks"	1
45	"Parliament"	"would begin"	"debate on Tuesday"	0
45	"Parliament"	"would begin"	"debate on the Cabinet on Tuesday with  two weeks"	1
45	"Parliament"	"would begin"	"debate on Tuesday with  two weeks"	1
He said the public school from which he transferred three years ago had metal detectors that still failed to keep out the sense that danger lurked nearby.
46	"the public school"	"had"	"from which metal detectors"	1
46	"the public school"	"transferred"	"three years ago"	0
46	"metal detectors"	"failed to keep out"	"the sense that danger"	1
46	"metal detectors"	"failed to keep out"	"the sense"	1
Nordstrom Inc., the retail chain based on the West Coast, said today that it had created an office of the president to strengthen its executive management team.
47	"the retail chain based on the West Coast"	"said"	"today that it had created an office of the president to strengthen its executive management team"	1
47	"the retail chain based on the West Coast"	"said"	"that it had created an office of the president to strengthen its executive management team"	1
47	"Nordstrom Inc."	"based"	"on the West Coast"	1
47	"the retail chain based on the West Coast"	"based"	"on the West Coast"	1
47	"the retail chain based on the West Coast"	"had created"	"an office"	1
47	"the retail chain based on the West Coast"	"had created"	"an office of the president"	1
47	"Nordstrom Inc."	"had created"	"an office of the president"	1
47	"Nordstrom Inc."	"had created"	"an office"	1
47	"Nordstrom Inc."	"to strengthen"	"its executive management team"	1
47	"the retail chain based on the West Coast"	"to strengthen"	"its executive management team"	1
All of these portraits, incidentally, are based on fact.
Dr. Weiss graduated summa cum laude from Brandeis University and received his medical degree from Yale University.
The announced crowd was 15,568.
In times past, getting a taxi at a New York City airport was often a Darwinian affair, a frenzied, survival-of-the-fittest scene of piled-up luggage, darting taxis and shouting cabbies looking for an edge.
They won 26 of their next 31 games, including 11 straight in June.
52	"They"	"won"	"26 of their next 31 games including 11 straight"	1
This revelatory micro-exhibition reunites five portraits of the postal worker Joseph Roulin, whom van Gogh met while in Arles.
We did not want to have something in our home that would be too heavy for us to lift.
54	"We"	"did not want to have"	"something in our home"	0
54	"our home"	"would be"	"too heavy us"	0
54	"our home"	"would be"	"too heavy"	0
A defense spokesman added that British officials were "aware of the potential" for missile attacks along the border between the province and the Irish republic.
55	"A defense spokesman"	"added"	"that British officials were  aware of"	1
55	"British officials"	"were"	"aware of"	0
Like all good pamphlets, "The Missionary Position," by Christopher Hitchens, is very short, zealously overwritten, and rails wildly in defense of an almost nonsensical proposition: that Mother Teresa of Calcutta is actually not a saint but an evil and selfish old woman.
56	"by Christopher Hitchens"	"is"	"very short"	0
56	"by Christopher Hitchens"	"is"	"very short zealously overwritten"	0
56	"by Christopher Hitchens"	"rails"	"in defense of an almost nonsensical proposition"	0
Devoted mother of Lyn Boland Dosik and the late Howard Batzar.
Steamed crabs with scallions and ginger ($10.95) were tender, easy to open and delicately flavored.
58	"$ 10.95"	"were"	"tender easy to open and delicately flavored"	1
"It's only going to get worse before it gets better."
59	"It"	"'s going to get"	"worse"	1
59	"It"	"'s going to get"	"worse it"	1
59	"It"	"gets"	"better"	0
Tickets are $30 and $25.
He is the assistant director for policy at the Gay Men's Health Crisis.
61	"He"	"is"	"the assistant director for policy"	0
61	"He"	"is"	"the assistant director at the Gay Men 's Health Crisis"	1
The Hall of Fame-bound pitcher fires a fastball.
62	"Hall"	"fires"	"a fastball"	1
"It was clear to us when we visited there in October that the Romanians hated those who had left the country," said Liselotte Leicht, program director at the Helsinki Federation.
63	"It"	"visited"	"that the Romanians hated those who had left the country"	0
63	"It"	"visited"	"in October that the Romanians hated those who had left the country"	0
63	"the Romanians"	"hated"	"those who had left the country"	0
63	"the Romanians"	"had left"	"the country"	0
Officials declined yesterday to identify the medication involved.
64	"Officials"	"declined to identify"	"the medication"	1
64	"Officials"	"declined to identify"	"yesterday the medication"	0
I readied my gear for a truly local fishing trip.
Yesterday, when The News led with "Friendly Fire" and "30 Marines wounded in attack near Nassiriya," The Post said, "Saddam's evil order to kids: Fight or your parents die," followed by "How low can Iraq sink.
66	"The News"	"led"	"with  Friendly Fire"	0
66	"30 Marines"	"wounded"	"near Nassiriya"	1
66	"30 Marines"	"wounded"	"in attack"	1
66	"30 Marines"	"wounded"	"in attack near Nassiriya"	1
They live with Dirk, Weetzie's gay best friend, his lover, Duck, and Weetzie's daughter, Cherokee, possibly conceived during group sex with Dirk and Duck.
67	"They"	"live"	"with Dirk Weetzie 's gay best friend"	1
67	"They"	"conceived"	"during group sex with Dirk and Duck"	0
67	"They"	"conceived"	"with Dirk and Duck"	1
67	"They"	"conceived"	"during group sex"	0
Among his many honors, he won the Waterford International Biomedical Award and Eli Lilly Award in Bacteriology and citations from the American Association of Medical Colleges and the American Society of Cell Biology.
68	"he"	"won"	"the Waterford International Biomedical Award and Eli Lilly Award from the American Association of Medical Colleges and the American Society of Cell Biology"	0
68	"he"	"won"	"the Waterford International Biomedical Award in Bacteriology and citations from the American Association of Medical Colleges and the American Society of Cell Biology"	0
68	"he"	"won"	"the Waterford International Biomedical Award in Bacteriology and citations"	1
68	"he"	"won"	"the Waterford International Biomedical Award and Eli Lilly Award"	1
68	"he"	"won"	"the Waterford International Biomedical Award from the American Association of Medical Colleges and the American Society of Cell Biology"	0
Sheik Thamer is the deputy to Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sestani, the country's most senior Shiite cleric.
69	"Sheik Thamer"	"is"	"the deputy to Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sestani the country 's most senior Shiite cleric"	1
The limits, which have not been made definite, will be even lower for economy and business-class travelers.
70	"The limits which have not been made definite"	"will be"	"even lower"	0
70	"The limits"	"will be"	"even lower for economy and business-class travelers"	1
70	"The limits which have not been made definite"	"will be"	"even lower for economy and business-class travelers"	0
70	"The limits"	"will be"	"even lower"	1
The shuttle between Times Square and Grand Central also was stopped, and Flushing line trains bypassed Grand Central.
It will not settle anything and her advisers will walk away and they'll still be making demands.
His one miscalculation was to ask for humming in the second song, for nobody can hum to fill Carnegie Hall.
73	"His one miscalculation"	"was to ask"	"for humming"	0
73	"His one miscalculation"	"was to ask"	"in the second song"	0
73	"His one miscalculation"	"was to ask"	"for humming in the second song"	0
73	"His one miscalculation"	"can hum to fill"	"for nobody Carnegie Hall"	0
73	"His one miscalculation"	"can hum to fill"	"Carnegie Hall"	0
The San Antonio News Express reported yesterday that negotiations had broken down.
The playing wasn't bad, really; it just wasn't good enough to justify the event.
75	"The playing"	"was n't"	"good enough to justify the event"	0
75	"The playing"	"to justify"	"the event"	0
Frauke Petersen Haasemann, the assistant conductor of the Westminster Choir and professor of conducting at the Westminster Choir College, died last Friday at her home in Princeton, N.J.
76	"the assistant conductor of the Westminster Choir and professor of conducting at the Westminster Choir College"	"died"	"last Friday in Princeton N.J."	1
76	"the assistant conductor of the Westminster Choir and professor of conducting at the Westminster Choir College"	"died"	"in Princeton N.J."	1
76	"Frauke Petersen Haasemann"	"died"	"last Friday at her home"	0
76	"the assistant conductor of the Westminster Choir and professor of conducting at the Westminster Choir College"	"died"	"last Friday at her home in Princeton N.J."	1
76	"the assistant conductor of the Westminster Choir and professor of conducting at the Westminster Choir College"	"died"	"last Friday"	1
76	"the assistant conductor of the Westminster Choir and professor of conducting at the Westminster Choir College"	"died"	"at her home"	1
76	"Frauke Petersen Haasemann"	"died"	"last Friday in Princeton N.J."	0
76	"the assistant conductor of the Westminster Choir and professor of conducting at the Westminster Choir College"	"died"	"last Friday at her home"	1
76	"the assistant conductor of the Westminster Choir and professor of conducting at the Westminster Choir College"	"died"	"at her home in Princeton N.J."	1
76	"Frauke Petersen Haasemann"	"died"	"last Friday at her home in Princeton N.J."	0
76	"Frauke Petersen Haasemann"	"died"	"at her home"	1
76	"Frauke Petersen Haasemann"	"died"	"in Princeton N.J."	0
For the proposal itself, he toured five hotels in search of a room with a view of Central Park and selected one on a high floor of the Carlyle.
77	"he"	"toured"	"five hotels in search of a room with a view of Central Park"	0
Mr. Hashimoto, who denied the bribery charges, took his case to the Supreme Court, but the court had not issued a ruling by the time of his death.
78	"Mr. Hashimoto who denied the bribery charges"	"took"	"his case"	1
78	"Mr. Hashimoto who denied the bribery charges"	"took"	"his case to the Supreme Court"	1
78	"by the time of his death"	"issued"	"a ruling"	0
It is not really a camp, because no one is running things.
79	"It"	"is running"	"things"	1
That pushed the unemployment rate to 12.5 percent, from 12.4 percent in May.
80	"That"	"pushed"	"the unemployment rate to 12.5 percent from 12.4 percent"	1
80	"That"	"pushed"	"the unemployment rate to 12.5 percent in May"	1
80	"That"	"pushed"	"the unemployment rate to 12.5 percent from 12.4 percent in May"	0
80	"That"	"pushed"	"the unemployment rate from 12.4 percent"	1
80	"That"	"pushed"	"the unemployment rate in May"	0
It's not that I wouldn't drink these -- a number of them were very good.
81	"It"	"'s not were"	"that I would n't drink these"	1
81	"It"	"'s not were"	"that I would n't drink these a number"	1
81	"It"	"'s not were"	"that I would n't drink these very good"	1
81	"It"	"'s not were"	"that I would n't drink these a number very good"	1
81	"It"	"'s not were"	"that I would n't drink these of them"	1
81	"It"	"'s not were"	"that I would n't drink these of them very good"	1
81	"It"	"'s not were"	"that I would n't drink these a number of them"	1
81	"It"	"'s not were"	"that I would n't drink these a number of them very good"	1
81	"It"	"would n't drink"	"these"	1
Costello's main work since joining the Defense Department last October has been to develop a series of policies aimed at strengthening industrial technologies and manufacturing methods in areas that are deemed important to arms production.
82	"Costello 's main work since joining the Defense Department last October"	"has been to develop"	"a series of policies aimed at strengthening industrial technologies and manufacturing methods in areas that"	0
82	"Costello 's main work since joining the Defense Department last October"	"has been to develop"	"a series"	0
82	"Costello 's main work since joining the Defense Department last October"	"aimed"	"at strengthening industrial technologies and manufacturing methods in areas"	0
82	"areas"	"are deemed"	"important"	1
Her father retired as a representative of manufacturers of railroad equipment.
A class-action lawsuit against the N.C.A.A., contending that major college football teams violate antitrust laws by refusing to give athletic scholarships to all walk-on players, was filed yesterday in a United States District Court in Seattle.
84	"A class-action lawsuit against the N.C.A.A. contending that major college football teams violate antitrust laws by refusing to give athletic scholarships to all walk-on players"	"was filed"	"yesterday"	1
84	"A class-action lawsuit against the N.C.A.A. contending that major college football teams violate antitrust laws by refusing to give athletic scholarships to all walk-on players"	"was filed"	"yesterday in Seattle"	1
84	"A class-action lawsuit against the N.C.A.A. contending that major college football teams violate antitrust laws by refusing to give athletic scholarships to all walk-on players"	"was filed"	"yesterday in a United States District Court"	1
84	"A class-action lawsuit against the N.C.A.A. contending that major college football teams violate antitrust laws by refusing to give athletic scholarships to all walk-on players"	"was filed"	"in a United States District Court in Seattle"	1
84	"A class-action lawsuit against the N.C.A.A. contending that major college football teams violate antitrust laws by refusing to give athletic scholarships to all walk-on players"	"was filed"	"yesterday in a United States District Court in Seattle"	1
84	"A class-action lawsuit against the N.C.A.A. contending that major college football teams violate antitrust laws by refusing to give athletic scholarships to all walk-on players"	"was filed"	"in a United States District Court"	1
84	"A class-action lawsuit against the N.C.A.A. contending that major college football teams violate antitrust laws by refusing to give athletic scholarships to all walk-on players"	"was filed"	"in Seattle"	1
84	"A class-action lawsuit against the N.C.A.A. contending that major college football teams violate antitrust laws by refusing to give athletic scholarships to all walk-on players"	"contending"	"that major college football teams violate antitrust laws by refusing to give athletic scholarships to all walk-on players"	1
84	"major college football teams"	"violate"	"antitrust laws by refusing to give athletic scholarships"	0
84	"major college football teams"	"violate"	"antitrust laws to all walk-on players"	1
84	"major college football teams"	"to give"	"athletic scholarships"	0
84	"major college football teams"	"to give"	"athletic scholarships to all walk-on players"	0
Following the killing of Amadou Diallo, the inexorable conclusion is that this is a Police Department out of control, with elected officials who are not interested in holding anybody accountable for its actions.
85	"the inexorable conclusion"	"is"	"that this is a Police Department out of control with elected officials who are not interested in holding anybody accountable for its actions"	1
85	"the inexorable conclusion"	"Following"	"the killing of Amadou Diallo"	0
85	"this"	"is"	"a Police Department out of control with elected officials"	1
85	"this"	"elected are not"	"interested in holding anybody accountable"	1
85	"this"	"elected are not"	"interested in holding anybody accountable for its actions"	1
Indeed, history shows that those who ignore energy prices and their impact on overall inflation do so at their own risk.
86	"history"	"shows"	"that"	1
86	"history"	"ignore"	"energy prices"	1
86	"their impact on overall inflation"	"do"	"at their own risk"	0
The New Jersey school, like most others, issued the flag patches that have become ubiquitous on players' uniforms these days as a gesture of support for allied efforts in the Persian Gulf.
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous as a gesture of support for allied efforts"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous on players ' uniforms for allied efforts in the Persian Gulf"	0
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous as a gesture of support in the Persian Gulf"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous as a gesture of support"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous on players ' uniforms as a gesture of support in the Persian Gulf"	0
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous these days as a gesture of support for allied efforts"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous on players ' uniforms these days in the Persian Gulf"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous on players ' uniforms these days for allied efforts in the Persian Gulf"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous on players ' uniforms as a gesture of support"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous on players ' uniforms these days for allied efforts"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous as a gesture of support for allied efforts in the Persian Gulf"	0
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous these days as a gesture of support"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous in the Persian Gulf"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous on players ' uniforms"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous for allied efforts in the Persian Gulf"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous on players ' uniforms for allied efforts"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous on players ' uniforms as a gesture of support for allied efforts"	0
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous on players ' uniforms these days as a gesture of support in the Persian Gulf"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous for allied efforts"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous these days for allied efforts"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous these days as a gesture of support in the Persian Gulf"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous these days in the Persian Gulf"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous on players ' uniforms these days as a gesture of support"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous on players ' uniforms in the Persian Gulf"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous on players ' uniforms these days"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous on players ' uniforms these days as a gesture of support for allied efforts"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous these days for allied efforts in the Persian Gulf"	1
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous on players ' uniforms as a gesture of support for allied efforts in the Persian Gulf"	0
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous on players ' uniforms these days as a gesture of support for allied efforts in the Persian Gulf"	0
Two Japanese travel agencies have desks beside the finely manicured English-style garden adjacent to the lobby, busily booking free-spending guests for golf, horseback riding and guided shopping jaunts.
88	"Two Japanese travel agencies"	"have"	"desks beside the finely manicured English-style garden adjacent to the lobby"	1
88	"Two Japanese travel agencies"	"booking"	"free-spending guests for golf"	0
88	"Two Japanese travel agencies"	"booking"	"free-spending guests"	0
88	"Two Japanese travel agencies"	"guided"	"shopping jaunts"	1
Net income represented net asset value.
Barak also ended six weeks of total public silence on policy to reproach President Clinton for making seemingly offhand remarks about the rights of Palestinian refugees.
90	"Barak"	"ended"	"six weeks on policy"	1
90	"Barak"	"ended"	"six weeks"	1
90	"Barak"	"ended"	"six weeks of total public silence"	1
90	"Barak"	"ended"	"six weeks of total public silence on policy"	1
90	"Barak"	"to reproach"	"President Clinton for making seemingly offhand remarks about the rights of Palestinian refugees"	0
90	"Barak"	"to reproach"	"President Clinton for making seemingly offhand remarks"	0
90	"Barak"	"to reproach"	"President Clinton about the rights of Palestinian refugees"	0
90	"Barak"	"to reproach"	"President Clinton"	0
We can break news at any time.
At least 8 schoolchildren were killed and at least 15 people were wounded when a deranged man burst into an elementary school near Osaka and began stabbing students and teachers with a kitchen knife.
92	"At least 8 schoolchildren"	"were wounded"	"at least 15 people"	1
Fans paid close attention to the game, and the reason was Marcus Camby.
Russia's eavesdropping station at Lourdes, Cuba, is a cold war jewel: 28 square miles of antennae and computers that message Russian embassies, submarines and spies, and vacuum up U.S. satellite and radio communications.
94	"Russia 's eavesdropping station at Lourdes Cuba"	"is"	"a cold war jewel"	0
94	"Russia 's eavesdropping station at Lourdes Cuba"	"vacuum up"	"U.S. satellite and radio communications"	0
A report in the Egos & Ids column of Styles of the Times on July 26 omitted the name of Annette Tab ert's co-author for the forthcoming book "The Power of Style."
95	"A report in the Egos"	"omitted"	"the name"	1
95	"Ids column of Styles of the Times on July 26"	"omitted"	"the name for the forthcoming book"	1
95	"Ids column of Styles of the Times on July 26"	"omitted"	"the name of Annette Tab ert 's co-author for the forthcoming book  The Power of Style"	1
95	"A report in the Egos"	"omitted"	"the name for the forthcoming book"	1
95	"Ids column of Styles of the Times on July 26"	"omitted"	"the name  The Power of Style"	1
95	"Ids column of Styles of the Times on July 26"	"omitted"	"the name of Annette Tab ert 's co-author  The Power of Style"	1
95	"A report in the Egos"	"omitted"	"the name for the forthcoming book  The Power of Style"	1
95	"A report in the Egos"	"omitted"	"the name of Annette Tab ert 's co-author  The Power of Style"	1
95	"A report in the Egos"	"omitted"	"the name of Annette Tab ert 's co-author for the forthcoming book  The Power of Style"	1
95	"Ids column of Styles of the Times on July 26"	"omitted"	"the name for the forthcoming book  The Power of Style"	1
95	"A report in the Egos"	"omitted"	"the name  The Power of Style"	1
95	"Ids column of Styles of the Times on July 26"	"omitted"	"the name of Annette Tab ert 's co-author"	1
95	"Ids column of Styles of the Times on July 26"	"omitted"	"the name"	1
95	"Ids column of Styles of the Times on July 26"	"omitted"	"the name of Annette Tab ert 's co-author for the forthcoming book"	1
95	"A report in the Egos"	"omitted"	"the name of Annette Tab ert 's co-author"	1
95	"A report in the Egos"	"omitted"	"the name of Annette Tab ert 's co-author for the forthcoming book"	1
It was "The Wife of Governor Dufresne."
Union officials say they are pleased with the G.H.I. plan and they assert that the main reason they are being asked to pay premiums is that the Oxford plan is costing Barnard $63,000 more than G.H.I.
97	"Union officials"	"are pleased"	"with the G.H.I. plan"	1
97	"Union officials"	"assert"	"that the main reason they are being asked to pay premiums is that the Oxford plan is costing Barnard $ 63,000 more than G.H.I."	0
97	"the main reason they are being asked to pay premiums"	"is"	"that the Oxford plan is costing Barnard $ 63,000 more than G.H.I."	1
97	"the main reason they are being asked to pay premiums"	"are being asked to pay"	"premiums"	0
97	"the Oxford plan"	"is costing"	"Barnard"	1
97	"the Oxford plan"	"is costing"	"Barnard $ 63,000"	1
He chose not to do that.
The menu, imported from Ben's Deli in Queens, includes matzoh ball soup, corned beef and pastrami sandwiches, chopped liver, kishke and knishes.
99	"The menu imported from Ben 's Deli in Queens"	"corned"	"beef and pastrami sandwiches"	0
99	"The menu imported from Ben 's Deli in Queens"	"chopped"	"liver kishke and knishes"	1
99	"The menu imported from Ben 's Deli in Queens"	"imported"	"in Queens"	1
99	"The menu imported from Ben 's Deli in Queens"	"imported"	"from Ben 's Deli"	1
99	"The menu imported from Ben 's Deli in Queens"	"imported"	"from Ben 's Deli in Queens"	1
Ashcroft said afterward, through Mr. Hilton, that the talk had been "even and businesslike" and that he had made the point that there would be no peace between him and the Governor until the Governor and his fellow Missouri Democrats demonstrated good faith by ending their practice of "hate politics."
100	"Ashcroft"	"said"	"that the talk had been"	0
100	"Ashcroft"	"said"	"through Mr. Hilton that the talk had been"	0
100	"businesslike"	"demonstrated"	"good faith"	1
100	"businesslike"	"demonstrated"	"good faith by ending their practice of  hate politics"	1
100	"and that he had made the point that there would be no peace between him and the Governor until the Governor and his fellow Missouri Democrats"	"demonstrated"	"good faith"	1
100	"and that he had made the point that there would be no peace between him and the Governor until the Governor and his fellow Missouri Democrats"	"demonstrated"	"good faith by ending their practice of  hate politics"	1
100	"and that he had made the point that there would be no peace between him and the Governor until the Governor and his fellow Missouri Democrats"	"had made"	"the point"	1
100	"businesslike"	"had made"	"the point"	0
100	"businesslike"	"had made"	"the point that there"	0
100	"and that he had made the point that there would be no peace between him and the Governor until the Governor and his fellow Missouri Democrats"	"had made"	"the point that there"	1
100	"there"	"would be"	"no peace between him and the Governor until the Governor and his fellow Missouri Democrats"	1
100	"there"	"would be"	"no peace between him and the Governor"	1
100	"there"	"would be"	"no peace"	1
100	"there"	"would be"	"no peace until the Governor and his fellow Missouri Democrats"	1
But while it may surprise anyone who has been stung by them, yellow jackets actually have a reason for existing and a place in the universe.
101	"yellow jackets"	"have"	"a reason in the universe"	0
101	"yellow jackets"	"have"	"a reason"	0
101	"yellow jackets"	"have"	"a reason for existing and a place"	0
101	"yellow jackets"	"may surprise"	"anyone who has been stung by them"	1
Beat in the eggs one at a time.
The line was "That is my last word," not "You can't go to Berlin!"
103	"That"	"ca n't go"	"to Berlin"	1
Most significantly, the new machines will give Sony and other makers of the devices unusual control over the presentation of programming, which could well influence what consumers choose to watch.
104	"the new machines"	"will give"	"Sony and other makers of the devices unusual control over the presentation of programming which"	1
104	"the new machines"	"will give"	"Sony and other makers of the devices over the presentation of programming which"	1
As a medium-sized group of American lawyers and judges and their companions, we were able to interact on a personal basis with a number of Egyptian citizens, tourist personnel, lawyers, judges, storekeepers and families.
105	"we"	"were"	"able to interact"	0
105	"we"	"were"	"able to interact with a number of Egyptian citizens tourist personnel lawyers judges storekeepers and families"	0
105	"we"	"to interact"	"on a personal basis"	0
105	"we"	"to interact"	"with a number of Egyptian citizens tourist personnel lawyers judges storekeepers and families"	0
105	"we"	"to interact"	"on a personal basis with a number of Egyptian citizens tourist personnel lawyers judges storekeepers and families"	0
Trust Company's quest for customers among the new rich, included erroneous figures for millionaire households supplied by PSI, a financial services research firm in Tampa, Fla.
106	"new"	"included"	"erroneous figures"	0
106	"new"	"included"	"erroneous figures for millionaire households supplied by"	0
In a sobering speech meant to register with opinion leaders in the international community, the Irish Foreign Minister, Dick Spring, has warned about the peril to the peace process if there is further delay.
107	"the Irish Foreign Minister Dick Spring"	"has warned"	"In a sobering speech to the peace process"	1
107	"the Irish Foreign Minister Dick Spring"	"has warned"	"speech about the peril to the peace process"	1
107	"the Irish Foreign Minister Dick Spring"	"has warned"	"In a sobering speech"	1
107	"the Irish Foreign Minister Dick Spring"	"has warned"	"In a sobering"	1
107	"the Irish Foreign Minister Dick Spring"	"has warned"	"about the peril to the peace process"	0
107	"the Irish Foreign Minister Dick Spring"	"has warned"	"speech"	1
107	"the Irish Foreign Minister Dick Spring"	"has warned"	"speech to the peace process"	1
107	"the Irish Foreign Minister Dick Spring"	"has warned"	"about the peril"	0
107	"the Irish Foreign Minister Dick Spring"	"has warned"	"In a sobering speech about the peril"	0
107	"the Irish Foreign Minister Dick Spring"	"has warned"	"In a sobering about the peril to the peace process"	0
107	"the Irish Foreign Minister Dick Spring"	"has warned"	"In a sobering to the peace process"	1
107	"the Irish Foreign Minister Dick Spring"	"has warned"	"In a sobering about the peril"	0
107	"the Irish Foreign Minister Dick Spring"	"has warned"	"In a sobering speech about the peril to the peace process"	1
107	"the Irish Foreign Minister Dick Spring"	"has warned"	"to the peace process"	1
107	"the Irish Foreign Minister Dick Spring"	"has warned"	"speech about the peril"	0
107	"there"	"is"	"further delay"	1
107	"a sobering speech"	"meant to register"	"in the international community"	1
107	"a sobering speech"	"meant to register"	"with opinion leaders in the international community"	1
107	"a sobering speech"	"meant to register"	"with opinion leaders"	1
Sharpe said the students were sent to work in the manure, not stand in it.
108	"the students"	"were sent to work"	"in the manure"	1
108	"the students"	"not stand"	"in it"	0
Shown today at 2 and 6 p.m. and tomorrow at 4 and 7 p.m. at the Walter Reade Theater at Lincoln Center, 165 West 65th Street, Manhattan, as part of the 32nd New Directors/New Films series of the Film Society of Lincoln Center and the department of film and media of the Museum of Modern Art.
A table in Business Day on Thursday showing the New York Stock Exchange's uncovered short sales, or "short interest," for the four weeks ended June 15 included an incorrect amount for the Tech-Sym Corporation, provided by the company to the exchange, and misstated the total accordingly.
110	"A table in Business Day on Thursday showing the New York Stock Exchange 's uncovered short sales or  short interest  for the four weeks ended June 15"	"included"	"an incorrect amount for the Tech-Sym Corporation provided by"	1
110	"A table in Business Day on Thursday showing the New York Stock Exchange 's uncovered short sales or  short interest  for the four weeks ended June 15"	"included"	"an incorrect amount"	1
110	"by the company"	"showing provided"	"to the exchange"	0
110	"by the company"	"misstated"	"the total"	0
"She could easily be seen as someone who tries to help the public with a tax cut when she can, but who is also candid enough to level with folks when the state fiscal situation prevents a tax giveback.
111	"She"	"tries to help"	"the public with a tax cut"	1
111	"She"	"tries to help"	"the public"	1
111	"the state fiscal situation"	"is"	"candid enough to level"	0
111	"the state fiscal situation"	"is"	"candid enough to level with folks"	0
111	"the state fiscal situation"	"to level"	"with folks"	0
Just before this season began, the baseball commissioner's office suspended him for violating the terms of his after-care program for substance abuse.
112	"the baseball commissioner 's office"	"suspended"	"him for violating the terms of his after-care program"	1
112	"the baseball commissioner 's office"	"suspended"	"him for substance abuse"	1
The songs are driven by short melodic riffs, call-and-response with her backup singers, the combination of djembe (hand drum) and metal scraper and the plunk of the kamalngoni, a harp similar to the kora played by griots.
113	"by short melodic riffs call-and-response"	"driven"	"with her backup singers"	1
Two batters later, Edgardo Alfonzo rapped a two-run double down the third-base line for a 3-0 lead, and Hundley later launched a double to the left-center warning track to make it 4-0.
114	"Edgardo Alfonzo"	"rapped"	"a two-run double down the third-base line for a 3-0 lead"	1
114	"Hundley"	"launched"	"a double to the left-center warning track"	0
114	"Hundley"	"launched"	"a double"	0
114	"Hundley"	"to make"	"it"	1
Tests to detect the use of performance-enhancing drugs like EPO and human-growth hormones are unlikely to be approved for Sydney.
115	"Tests"	"to detect"	"the use like EPO and human-growth hormones"	1
115	"Tests"	"to detect"	"the use"	1
115	"Tests"	"are"	"unlikely to be approved for Sydney"	1
115	"Tests"	"are"	"unlikely to be approved"	1
115	"Tests"	"to be approved"	"for Sydney"	1
Farrow is trying in Manhattan's Surrogate's Court to void Mr. Allen's adoptions of Moses and Dylan.
116	"Farrow"	"is trying to void"	"Mr. Allen 's adoptions of Moses and Dylan"	1
116	"Farrow"	"is trying to void"	"in Manhattan 's Surrogate 's Court Mr. Allen 's adoptions of Moses and Dylan"	1
116	"Farrow"	"is trying to void"	"Mr. Allen 's adoptions"	1
116	"Farrow"	"is trying to void"	"in Manhattan 's Surrogate 's Court Mr. Allen 's adoptions"	0
Mexican reporters staked out meetings of the board of Dow Jones & Company, where Mr. Salinas is a member, but caught just a brief glimpse of him on the 43d floor of the World Trade Center.
117	"Mr. Salinas"	"caught"	"just a brief glimpse"	0
117	"Mr. Salinas"	"caught"	"just a brief glimpse of him"	0
117	"Mr. Salinas"	"caught"	"just a brief glimpse of him on the 43d floor of the World Trade Center"	0
117	"Mr. Salinas"	"caught"	"just a brief glimpse on the 43d floor of the World Trade Center"	1
In October, the university's Electronic Music Center will put the finishing touches on an ambitious surround-sound speaker installation.
118	"the university 's Electronic Music Center"	"will put"	"In October the finishing touches"	1
118	"the university 's Electronic Music Center"	"will put"	"the finishing touches"	0
Addictions should not be called habits, Dr. Cahan said.
The International Business Machines Corporation said it signed an agreement to provide more than $100 million worth of computer hardware and software to what will be the world's largest computerized travel reservation system.
The director of the Center for Mathematical Sciences Research at Rutgers University, Dr. Joel Lebowitz, will receive the Dalmar S. Fahrney Medal from the Franklin Institute in Philadelphia in May.
121	"The director of the Center for Mathematical Sciences Research at Rutgers University Dr. Joel Lebowitz"	"will receive"	"the Dalmar S. Fahrney Medal in Philadelphia"	0
121	"The director of the Center for Mathematical Sciences Research at Rutgers University Dr. Joel Lebowitz"	"will receive"	"the Dalmar S. Fahrney Medal from the Franklin Institute"	1
121	"The director of the Center for Mathematical Sciences Research at Rutgers University Dr. Joel Lebowitz"	"will receive"	"the Dalmar S. Fahrney Medal in Philadelphia in May"	0
121	"The director of the Center for Mathematical Sciences Research at Rutgers University Dr. Joel Lebowitz"	"will receive"	"the Dalmar S. Fahrney Medal in May"	0
121	"The director of the Center for Mathematical Sciences Research at Rutgers University Dr. Joel Lebowitz"	"will receive"	"the Dalmar S. Fahrney Medal from the Franklin Institute in Philadelphia"	1
121	"The director of the Center for Mathematical Sciences Research at Rutgers University Dr. Joel Lebowitz"	"will receive"	"the Dalmar S. Fahrney Medal from the Franklin Institute in Philadelphia in May"	1
121	"The director of the Center for Mathematical Sciences Research at Rutgers University Dr. Joel Lebowitz"	"will receive"	"the Dalmar S. Fahrney Medal"	0
121	"The director of the Center for Mathematical Sciences Research at Rutgers University Dr. Joel Lebowitz"	"will receive"	"the Dalmar S. Fahrney Medal from the Franklin Institute in May"	1
Two independent journalists went on trial today accused of defaming President Franjo Tudjman in a case that has helped sour Croatia's relations with Western Europe.
122	"Two independent journalists"	"went accused"	"today of defaming President Franjo Tudjman in a case"	0
122	"Two independent journalists"	"went accused"	"on trial today"	0
122	"Two independent journalists"	"went accused"	"of defaming President Franjo Tudjman in a case"	0
122	"Two independent journalists"	"went accused"	"on trial today of defaming President Franjo Tudjman in a case"	0
122	"Two independent journalists"	"went accused"	"today"	0
122	"Two independent journalists"	"went accused"	"on trial of defaming President Franjo Tudjman in a case"	0
122	"Two independent journalists"	"went accused"	"on trial"	0
The chief executive, Sir Colin Marshall, will take a similar cut, putting his pay at around $540,000.
123	"Sir Colin Marshall"	"will take"	"a similar cut"	0
123	"Sir Colin Marshall"	"putting"	"his pay"	0
123	"The chief executive"	"putting"	"his pay"	1
Annually, some 600 miles of municipal roads are expected to deteriorate.
Rather than resort to the usual bunker mentality, he tried a more practical approach.
So far, Mr. Ginty has elicited praise from conservatives like Steven Lonegan, who ran for governor last year.
126	"Mr. Ginty"	"has elicited"	"So far praise"	0
126	"Mr. Ginty"	"has elicited"	"So far praise from conservatives like Steven Lonegan"	0
126	"Mr. Ginty"	"ran"	"for governor"	1
126	"Mr. Ginty"	"ran"	"last year"	1
126	"Mr. Ginty"	"ran"	"for governor last year"	1
The club is tearing up the turf field and replacing it with grass.
127	"The club"	"replacing"	"it with grass"	0
He plans to give the diploma to his mother, to hang in their Brooklyn home.
128	"He"	"plans to give"	"the diploma to his mother"	0
128	"He"	"plans to give"	"the diploma to hang in their Brooklyn home"	1
128	"He"	"plans to give"	"the diploma to his mother in their Brooklyn home"	1
128	"He"	"plans to give"	"the diploma in their Brooklyn home"	0
128	"He"	"plans to give"	"the diploma to his mother to hang in their Brooklyn home"	1
128	"He"	"plans to give"	"the diploma to hang"	0
128	"He"	"plans to give"	"the diploma to his mother to hang"	0
128	"He"	"hang"	"in their Brooklyn home"	1
I have also learned that lice plan their arrival to maximize household stress.
129	"I"	"have learned"	"that"	1
129	"I"	"plan"	"lice"	1
129	"I"	"maximize"	"household stress"	0
Mr. Riley's numbers did not change.
Miss Collins is immutably Miss Collins.
131	"Miss Collins"	"is"	"immutably"	1
131	"Miss Collins"	"is"	"immutably Miss Collins"	1
IT was graduation night at the Ophelia DeVore School of Charm.
The market wants to do better, said Gregory Bundy, head of equity trading at Merrill Lynch Japan Inc.
133	"The market"	"wants to do said"	"at Merrill Lynch Japan Inc."	1
133	"The market"	"wants to do said"	"Gregory Bundy head of equity trading at Merrill Lynch Japan Inc."	1
133	"The market"	"wants to do said"	"Gregory Bundy head of equity trading"	1
Last month we saw an American patient who had been to five gynecologists before the last one said there is this procedure and referred her to us.
134	"we"	"had been"	"to five gynecologists before the last one"	1
134	"we"	"had been"	"to five gynecologists"	1
A senior American diplomat added, "We couldn't tolerate a treaty ally buying a Russian jet."
135	"A senior American diplomat"	"could n't tolerate"	"a treaty ally"	1
135	"A senior American diplomat"	"could n't tolerate"	"a treaty ally buying a Russian jet"	1
135	"A senior American diplomat"	"buying"	"a Russian jet"	1
Bonilla gave chase, but hesitated as he reached the wall, allowing the ball to drop.
136	"Bonilla"	"hesitated"	"he"	0
136	"Bonilla"	"reached"	"the wall"	1
136	"Bonilla"	"allowing"	"the ball"	1
A day after strong winds stirred up the Hauraki Gulf and broke the mast of Team New Zealand, a lack of wind caused Race 5 of the America's Cup to be abandoned today.
137	"A day after strong winds stirred up the Hauraki Gulf and broke the mast of Team New Zealand a lack of wind"	"caused"	"Race"	1
137	"A day after strong winds stirred up the Hauraki Gulf and broke the mast of Team New Zealand a lack of wind"	"to be abandoned"	"today"	1
137	"A day after strong winds stirred up the Hauraki Gulf and broke the mast of Team New Zealand a lack of wind"	"stirred up"	"the Hauraki Gulf"	1
137	"A day after strong winds stirred up the Hauraki Gulf and broke the mast of Team New Zealand a lack of wind"	"broke"	"the mast of Team New Zealand a lack of wind"	1
137	"A day after strong winds stirred up the Hauraki Gulf and broke the mast of Team New Zealand a lack of wind"	"broke"	"the mast"	1
Reno's supporters said today's decision demonstrated her willingness to go outside the Justice Department to investigate a high-ranking Clinton official when the facts justified it.
138	"decision"	"demonstrated"	"her willingness"	1
138	"decision"	"demonstrated"	"her willingness to go outside the Justice Department to investigate a high-ranking Clinton official when the facts"	1
138	"decision"	"go to investigate"	"a high-ranking Clinton official"	1
138	"decision"	"go to investigate"	"outside the Justice Department a high-ranking Clinton official"	1
The Xbox looks better (next to a TV set).
139	"The Xbox"	"looks"	"better next"	1
Mr. Lemelson was an independent inventor who was granted more than 500 patents during his lifetime and whose estate continues to receive patents based on applications he submitted before he died five years ago.
140	"Mr. Lemelson"	"was granted"	"more than 500 patents during his lifetime"	1
140	"Mr. Lemelson"	"was granted"	"more than 500 patents"	1
140	"whose estate"	"continues to receive"	"patents based on applications he submitted before he died five years ago"	0
140	"whose estate"	"based"	"on applications"	0
140	"whose estate"	"based"	"he"	0
140	"whose estate"	"based"	"on applications he"	0
140	"whose estate"	"submitted"	"he"	0
140	"whose estate"	"died"	"five years ago"	0
He was John Dickinson, not Dickenson.
141	"He"	"was"	"John Dickinson not Dickenson"	0
Every gray leather seat is taken.
Then he elevates himself off the ground to escape the ball that becomes a game-tying wild pitch.
143	"he"	"elevates"	"himself the ground"	1
143	"he"	"off to escape"	"the ball"	0
The Federal Home Loan Bank Board last week provided reassurances to securities dealers holding certain futures and options contracts with the American Savings and Loan Association, the nation's largest savings institution.
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"provided"	"last week reassurances Association"	0
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"provided"	"last week reassurances"	0
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"provided"	"last week reassurances to securities dealers holding certain futures and options contracts"	0
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"provided"	"reassurances to securities dealers holding certain futures and options contracts Association"	0
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"provided"	"last week reassurances to securities dealers holding certain futures and options contracts with the American Savings and Loan"	0
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"provided"	"last week reassurances with the American Savings and Loan Association"	0
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"provided"	"reassurances to securities dealers holding certain futures and options contracts"	0
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"provided"	"last week reassurances to securities dealers holding certain futures and options contracts Association"	0
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"provided"	"reassurances with the American Savings and Loan Association"	0
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"provided"	"reassurances to securities dealers holding certain futures and options contracts with the American Savings and Loan Association"	0
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"provided"	"reassurances with the American Savings and Loan"	0
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"provided"	"last week reassurances with the American Savings and Loan"	0
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"provided"	"reassurances Association"	0
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"provided"	"last week reassurances to securities dealers holding certain futures and options contracts with the American Savings and Loan Association"	0
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"provided"	"reassurances to securities dealers holding certain futures and options contracts with the American Savings and Loan"	0
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"holding"	"certain futures and options with the American Savings and Loan"	0
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"holding"	"certain futures and options contracts with the American Savings and Loan"	0
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"holding"	"certain futures and options contracts"	0
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"holding"	"certain futures"	0
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"holding"	"certain futures contracts with the American Savings and Loan"	0
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"holding"	"certain futures contracts"	0
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"holding"	"certain futures with the American Savings and Loan"	0
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"holding"	"certain futures and options"	0
As at all the parties, the guests in strapless gowns and gleaming tuxedos were lining up at cash bars for drinks and at a photo op where they could be snapped in front of an inaugural seal -- not all that different from a high school prom photograph.
145	"the guests in strapless gowns and gleaming tuxedos"	"were lining up"	"at all the parties at cash bars"	1
145	"the guests in strapless gowns and gleaming tuxedos"	"were lining up"	"at cash bars for drinks"	1
145	"the guests in strapless gowns and gleaming tuxedos"	"were lining up"	"at all the parties"	1
145	"the guests in strapless gowns and gleaming tuxedos"	"were lining up"	"at all the parties for drinks"	1
145	"the guests in strapless gowns and gleaming tuxedos"	"were lining up"	"for drinks"	1
145	"the guests in strapless gowns and gleaming tuxedos"	"were lining up"	"at all the parties at cash bars for drinks"	1
145	"the guests in strapless gowns and gleaming tuxedos"	"were lining up"	"at cash bars"	1
145	"the guests in strapless gowns and gleaming tuxedos"	"op could be snapped"	"in front of an inaugural seal"	0
Governor Florio proposed an ethics package that would give New Jersey some of the nation's most stringent rules for lawmakers and senior government appointees.
This makes it more difficult to find delicate and crisp wines in the 10.5 percent to 12 percent range.
147	"This"	"to find"	"delicate and crisp wines"	0
147	"This"	"to find"	"delicate and crisp wines in the 10.5 percent"	0
147	"This"	"to find"	"delicate and crisp wines in the 10.5 percent to 12 percent range"	1
147	"This"	"to find"	"delicate and crisp wines to 12 percent range"	1
On Fridays and Saturdays (the only nights it is open), every inch of that floor is rocking with people who are mostly from uptown -- specifically, the Upper East Side.
148	"every inch of that floor"	"is rocking"	"the Upper East Side"	1
148	"every inch of that floor"	"is rocking"	"On Fridays and Saturdays the only nights the Upper East Side"	1
148	"every inch of that floor"	"is rocking"	"with people the Upper East Side"	1
148	"every inch of that floor"	"is rocking"	"it the Upper East Side"	1
148	"every inch of that floor"	"are"	"from uptown"	1
148	"every inch of that floor"	"Saturdays"	"the only nights"	0
148	"every inch of that floor"	"Saturdays"	"the only nights it"	0
148	"every inch of that floor"	"is"	"open"	1
Leopold complained about this approach in the 1940's, saying the landowner had "an obligation to manage his land in the interest of the community, as well as in his own interest.
149	"Leopold"	"complained"	"about this approach in the"	1
149	"1940 's saying the landowner"	"had"	"an obligation"	1
149	"1940 's saying the landowner"	"had"	"an obligation to manage his land"	1
149	"1940 's saying the landowner"	"had"	"an obligation in the interest of the community"	1
149	"1940 's saying the landowner"	"had"	"an obligation to manage his land in the interest of the community"	0
149	"1940 's saying the landowner"	"saying"	"the landowner"	1
149	"1940 's saying the landowner"	"manage"	"his land"	0
149	"1940 's saying the landowner"	"manage"	"his land in the interest of the community"	0
A 19th-century Chinese portrait and a Kenneth Noland painting of a bull's-eye dominate the living room, drawing the eye in both vertical and horizontal directions.
"Feeders and Eaters," which opens with its narrator stranded late at night in the wrong part of town, is not particularly concerned with this character's trajectory, but with the story of an old acquaintance he meets at a squalid cafe, and the insatiably hungry woman his shadowy friend keeps at home.
151	"which opens with its narrator stranded late at night in the wrong part of town is not particularly concerned with this character 's trajectory but with the story of an old acquaintance he meets at a squalid cafe and the insatiably hungry woman his shadowy friend keeps at home"	"opens"	"late at night"	0
151	"which opens with its narrator stranded late at night in the wrong part of town is not particularly concerned with this character 's trajectory but with the story of an old acquaintance he meets at a squalid cafe and the insatiably hungry woman his shadowy friend keeps at home"	"opens"	"in the wrong part of town"	0
151	"which opens with its narrator stranded late at night in the wrong part of town is not particularly concerned with this character 's trajectory but with the story of an old acquaintance he meets at a squalid cafe and the insatiably hungry woman his shadowy friend keeps at home"	"opens"	"late at night in the wrong part of town"	0
151	"which opens with its narrator stranded late at night in the wrong part of town is not particularly concerned with this character 's trajectory but with the story of an old acquaintance he meets at a squalid cafe and the insatiably hungry woman his shadowy friend keeps at home"	"opens"	"with its narrator stranded in the wrong part of town"	0
151	"which opens with its narrator stranded late at night in the wrong part of town is not particularly concerned with this character 's trajectory but with the story of an old acquaintance he meets at a squalid cafe and the insatiably hungry woman his shadowy friend keeps at home"	"opens"	"with its narrator stranded"	0
151	"which opens with its narrator stranded late at night in the wrong part of town is not particularly concerned with this character 's trajectory but with the story of an old acquaintance he meets at a squalid cafe and the insatiably hungry woman his shadowy friend keeps at home"	"opens"	"with its narrator stranded late at night"	0
151	"which opens with its narrator stranded late at night in the wrong part of town is not particularly concerned with this character 's trajectory but with the story of an old acquaintance he meets at a squalid cafe and the insatiably hungry woman his shadowy friend keeps at home"	"opens"	"with its narrator stranded late at night in the wrong part of town"	0
151	"his shadowy friend"	"meets"	"at a squalid cafe"	0
Mr. Kerik first came to know Mr. Giuliani when he provided security during his second mayoral campaign.
152	"Mr. Kerik"	"came to know"	"Mr. Giuliani"	0
152	"Mr. Kerik"	"provided"	"security"	0
152	"Mr. Kerik"	"provided"	"security during his second mayoral campaign"	1
Targets in Kosovo province also came under sustained pounding, Serbian media said.
The statue stands 56 feet tall and was placed atop Red Mountain in 1936.
154	"The statue"	"was placed"	"atop Red Mountain"	1
154	"The statue"	"was placed"	"in 1936"	1
Otherwise, she could receive up to 25 years in prison.
155	"she"	"could receive"	"up to 25 years"	1
155	"she"	"could receive"	"up to 25 years in prison"	1
The Yankees had erased an early 4-0 deficit and tied the game in the top of the ninth when Roberto Kelly smashed a two-run homer off the nearly invincible Gregg Olson.
156	"The Yankees"	"had erased"	"an early 4-0 deficit in the top of the ninth"	1
156	"Roberto Kelly"	"tied"	"the game"	1
156	"Roberto Kelly"	"tied"	"the game in the top of the ninth"	1
The United States has talked tough on trade during eight months of negotiations, but Japan has called its bluff and has yielded virtually nothing.
157	"Japan"	"has yielded"	"virtually nothing"	0
The day after the Bulls' Dennis Rodman suggested that they were "yellow" in Tuesday's night's loss to Chicago, the Knicks laughed it off as Rodman merely being Rodman.
158	"the Knicks"	"laughed"	"it as Rodman merely being Rodman"	0
158	"the Bulls ' Dennis Rodman"	"suggested"	"that they were  yellow  in Tuesday 's night 's loss to Chicago"	1
158	"the Bulls ' Dennis Rodman"	"were"	"yellow"	1
158	"the Bulls ' Dennis Rodman"	"were"	"yellow in Tuesday 's night 's loss"	1
158	"the Bulls ' Dennis Rodman"	"were"	"yellow to Chicago"	1
158	"the Bulls ' Dennis Rodman"	"were"	"yellow in Tuesday 's night 's loss to Chicago"	1
Unlike the Rangers, that is one commodity Steinbrenner doesn't seem bent on buying, no matter how good the price.
159	"Steinbrenner"	"does n't seem"	"bent on buying"	0
They maintain that this "negligent distribution" makes the companies collectively liable for the shootings in the case -- even if it cannot be proven which company's gun was used in a given shooting -- an argument that legal experts term novel in gun litigation.
160	"They"	"maintain"	"that this  negligent distribution  makes the companies collectively liable for the shootings in the case --: even if it cannot be proven"	1
160	"which company 's gun"	"was used"	"in a given shooting an argument"	0
160	"which company 's gun"	"was used"	"an argument"	0
160	"this"	"makes"	"the companies in the case --:"	0
160	"this"	"makes"	"the companies even if"	0
160	"this"	"makes"	"the companies in the case --: even if"	0
160	"negligent distribution"	"makes"	"the companies even if"	0
160	"negligent distribution"	"makes"	"the companies in the case --:"	0
160	"this"	"makes"	"the companies it"	0
160	"negligent distribution"	"makes"	"the companies it"	0
160	"negligent distribution"	"makes"	"the companies in the case --: it"	0
160	"this"	"makes"	"the companies in the case --: it"	0
160	"negligent distribution"	"makes"	"the companies even if it"	0
160	"this"	"makes"	"the companies"	0
160	"negligent distribution"	"makes"	"the companies"	0
160	"this"	"makes"	"the companies even if it"	0
160	"negligent distribution"	"makes"	"the companies in the case --: even if"	0
160	"this"	"makes"	"the companies in the case --: even if it"	0
160	"negligent distribution"	"makes"	"the companies in the case --: even if it"	0
The Russian Parliament voted Wednesday to contribute only 23.4 billion rubles for the coming year, less than a 10th of the total budget for the year.
161	"The Russian Parliament"	"voted to contribute"	"Wednesday only 23.4 billion rubles"	0
161	"The Russian Parliament"	"voted to contribute"	"Wednesday only 23.4 billion rubles for the coming year"	1
161	"The Russian Parliament"	"voted to contribute"	"only 23.4 billion rubles for the coming year"	0
Tierney Finn, an actress, and Mark Fitzmartin, a television commercial producer for Fernbach Productions in New York, both graduates of New York University's Tisch School of the Arts, were married yesterday in Holy Trinity Chapel at N.Y.U.
162	"an actress and Mark Fitzmartin a television commercial producer for Fernbach Productions in New York"	"were"	"married yesterday in Holy Trinity Chapel"	1
162	"both graduates of New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts"	"were"	"married yesterday at N.Y.U."	0
162	"Tierney Finn"	"were"	"married yesterday in Holy Trinity Chapel at N.Y.U."	1
162	"both graduates of New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts"	"were"	"married yesterday in Holy Trinity Chapel at N.Y.U."	1
162	"both graduates of New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts"	"were"	"married"	0
162	"an actress and Mark Fitzmartin a television commercial producer for Fernbach Productions in New York"	"were"	"married in Holy Trinity Chapel"	1
162	"Tierney Finn"	"were"	"married"	1
162	"both graduates of New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts"	"were"	"married yesterday in Holy Trinity Chapel"	1
162	"Tierney Finn"	"were"	"married in Holy Trinity Chapel"	1
162	"Tierney Finn"	"were"	"married yesterday at N.Y.U."	1
162	"both graduates of New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts"	"were"	"married at N.Y.U."	0
162	"both graduates of New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts"	"were"	"married in Holy Trinity Chapel"	1
162	"Tierney Finn"	"were"	"married yesterday in Holy Trinity Chapel"	1
162	"an actress and Mark Fitzmartin a television commercial producer for Fernbach Productions in New York"	"were"	"married yesterday"	0
162	"an actress and Mark Fitzmartin a television commercial producer for Fernbach Productions in New York"	"were"	"married at N.Y.U."	0
162	"an actress and Mark Fitzmartin a television commercial producer for Fernbach Productions in New York"	"were"	"married"	0
162	"Tierney Finn"	"were"	"married yesterday"	1
162	"Tierney Finn"	"is"	"an actress and Mark Fitzmartin a television commercial producer for Fernbach Productions in New York"	0
162	"both graduates of New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts"	"were"	"married yesterday"	0
162	"an actress and Mark Fitzmartin a television commercial producer for Fernbach Productions in New York"	"were"	"married yesterday in Holy Trinity Chapel at N.Y.U."	1
162	"Tierney Finn"	"were"	"married at N.Y.U."	1
162	"an actress and Mark Fitzmartin a television commercial producer for Fernbach Productions in New York"	"were"	"married in Holy Trinity Chapel at N.Y.U."	1
162	"both graduates of New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts"	"were"	"married in Holy Trinity Chapel at N.Y.U."	1
162	"an actress and Mark Fitzmartin a television commercial producer for Fernbach Productions in New York"	"were"	"married yesterday at N.Y.U."	1
162	"Tierney Finn"	"were"	"married in Holy Trinity Chapel at N.Y.U."	1
Jesse Jackson and one of his campaign fund-raisers misstated the history of Mr. Jackson's requests for permission to visit South Africa.
163	"Jesse Jackson and one of his campaign fund-raisers"	"misstated"	"the history"	1
163	"Jesse Jackson and one of his campaign fund-raisers"	"misstated"	"the history for permission"	1
163	"Jesse Jackson and one of his campaign fund-raisers"	"misstated"	"the history for permission to visit South Africa"	1
163	"Jesse Jackson and one of his campaign fund-raisers"	"misstated"	"the history to visit South Africa"	1
163	"Jesse Jackson and one of his campaign fund-raisers"	"visit"	"South Africa"	1
I'm tickled to death that he's coming back because he should be back.
164	"I"	"'m"	"tickled to death that he 's coming back because he should be back"	0
164	"I"	"'m"	"tickled to death he"	0
164	"I"	"'m"	"tickled to death"	0
164	"I"	"should be"	"back"	1
Many Schubert admirers I know, however, would be ecstatic to learn that their idol was a fellow homosexual, who acted on his sexuality with joy and pride.
165	"Many Schubert admirers I know"	"would be"	"ecstatic to learn that their idol was a fellow homosexual who acted on his sexuality with joy and pride"	1
165	"Many Schubert admirers I know"	"to learn"	"that their idol was a fellow homosexual who acted on his sexuality with joy and pride"	1
165	"their idol"	"was"	"a fellow homosexual who"	1
165	"their idol"	"acted"	"with joy and pride"	0
165	"their idol"	"acted"	"on his sexuality"	0
165	"their idol"	"acted"	"on his sexuality with joy and pride"	0
He graduated summa cum laude from the University of California, Los Angeles.
166	"He"	"graduated"	"summa cum laude from the University of California Los Angeles"	1
He washed dishes and chopped vegetables for a year before getting a scholarship to attend the State University of New York at Oneonta.
167	"He"	"chopped"	"vegetables for a year before getting a scholarship to attend the State University of New York at Oneonta"	0
167	"He"	"chopped"	"vegetables before getting a scholarship to attend the State University of New York at Oneonta"	0
167	"He"	"chopped"	"vegetables for a year"	0
167	"He"	"chopped"	"vegetables for a year at Oneonta"	0
167	"He"	"chopped"	"vegetables for a year before getting a scholarship to attend the State University of New York"	0
167	"He"	"chopped"	"vegetables at Oneonta"	0
167	"He"	"chopped"	"vegetables"	0
167	"He"	"chopped"	"vegetables before getting a scholarship to attend the State University of New York"	0
167	"He"	"to attend"	"the State University of New York at Oneonta"	0
167	"He"	"to attend"	"the State University of New York"	0
167	"He"	"to attend"	"the State University at Oneonta"	0
167	"He"	"to attend"	"the State University"	0
She was a continuing source of love, kindness and generosity who never failed to nurture her adoring family.
168	"She"	"failed to nurture"	"her adoring family"	0
There is a mind-bending illogic behind the Bush administration's decision yesterday to withhold $34 million from the United Nations Population Fund, which is working in China despite continued practices there of coerced abortion and sterilization.
169	"There"	"is to withhold"	"a mind-bending illogic"	1
169	"There"	"is to withhold"	"a mind-bending illogic yesterday $ 34 million"	1
169	"There"	"is to withhold"	"a mind-bending illogic behind the Bush administration 's decision yesterday"	1
169	"There"	"is to withhold"	"a mind-bending illogic yesterday from the United Nations Population Fund"	1
169	"There"	"is to withhold"	"a mind-bending illogic behind the Bush administration 's decision $ 34 million"	1
169	"There"	"is to withhold"	"a mind-bending illogic behind the Bush administration 's decision yesterday $ 34 million from the United Nations Population Fund"	1
169	"There"	"is to withhold"	"a mind-bending illogic behind the Bush administration 's decision"	1
169	"There"	"is to withhold"	"a mind-bending illogic behind the Bush administration 's decision from the United Nations Population Fund"	1
169	"There"	"is to withhold"	"a mind-bending illogic behind the Bush administration 's decision yesterday $ 34 million"	1
169	"There"	"is to withhold"	"a mind-bending illogic $ 34 million from the United Nations Population Fund"	1
169	"There"	"is to withhold"	"a mind-bending illogic behind the Bush administration 's decision yesterday from the United Nations Population Fund"	1
169	"There"	"is to withhold"	"a mind-bending illogic yesterday $ 34 million from the United Nations Population Fund"	1
169	"There"	"is to withhold"	"a mind-bending illogic from the United Nations Population Fund"	1
169	"There"	"is to withhold"	"a mind-bending illogic $ 34 million"	1
169	"There"	"is to withhold"	"a mind-bending illogic behind the Bush administration 's decision $ 34 million from the United Nations Population Fund"	1
169	"There"	"is to withhold"	"a mind-bending illogic yesterday"	1
169	"the United Nations Population Fund"	"is working"	"despite continued practices there of coerced abortion and sterilization"	0
169	"the United Nations Population Fund"	"is working"	"in China"	1
169	"the United Nations Population Fund"	"is working"	"in China despite continued practices there of coerced abortion and sterilization"	0
In 1954, the committee presented a $100 million improvement plan and obtained legislation to set up a nondividend paying corporation to borrow the funds to create a new Aqueduct and to improve Belmont and Saratoga race tracks.
170	"the committee"	"obtained"	"legislation"	1
170	"the committee"	"set up"	"a nondividend"	1
170	"the committee"	"set up"	"a nondividend paying corporation to borrow the funds to create a new Aqueduct"	1
170	"the committee"	"paying"	"corporation"	1
170	"the committee"	"to borrow"	"the funds"	1
170	"the committee"	"to create"	"a new Aqueduct"	1
170	"the committee"	"to improve"	"Belmont and Saratoga"	0
170	"the committee"	"to improve"	"Belmont and Saratoga race tracks"	0
She is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Francis T. Doyen of Fishers Island.
The Roman Catholic Church denied Tuesday that it was sheltering a top Croatian war crimes suspect, after an allegation by a United Nations prosecutor that the suspect was hiding in a monastery and that the Vatican had refused pleas to help find him.
172	"The Roman Catholic Church"	"denied"	"that it was sheltering a top Croatian war crimes after an allegation by a United Nations prosecutor that the suspect"	1
172	"The Roman Catholic Church"	"denied"	"that it was sheltering a top Croatian war crimes after an allegation by a United Nations prosecutor that the"	1
172	"The Roman Catholic Church"	"denied"	"Tuesday that it was sheltering a top Croatian war crimes"	0
172	"The Roman Catholic Church"	"denied"	"Tuesday that it was sheltering a top Croatian war crimes after an allegation by a United Nations prosecutor that the suspect"	1
172	"The Roman Catholic Church"	"denied"	"Tuesday that it was sheltering a top Croatian war crimes after an allegation by a United Nations prosecutor that the"	1
172	"The Roman Catholic Church"	"denied"	"Tuesday that it was sheltering a top Croatian war crimes suspect"	0
172	"The Roman Catholic Church"	"denied"	"that it was sheltering a top Croatian war crimes"	0
172	"The Roman Catholic Church"	"denied"	"that it was sheltering a top Croatian war crimes suspect"	0
172	"The Roman Catholic Church"	"was sheltering"	"a top Croatian war crimes"	0
172	"the Vatican"	"to help find"	"him"	0
While the Christmas-New Year's season is always a slack time for most lines of work, it's even more so when the holidays break two consecutive normal weeks into four discombobulating two-day weeks.
173	"it"	"'s"	"even more so"	1
Then another musical selection served as a prelude to scenes from a comic dance-drama in the folk style.
174	"another musical selection"	"served"	"to scenes from a comic dance-drama in the folk style"	1
174	"another musical selection"	"served"	"to scenes in the folk style"	1
174	"another musical selection"	"served"	"as a prelude to scenes in the folk style"	1
174	"another musical selection"	"served"	"as a prelude in the folk style"	1
174	"another musical selection"	"served"	"as a prelude from a comic dance-drama in the folk style"	1
174	"another musical selection"	"served"	"to scenes"	1
174	"another musical selection"	"served"	"as a prelude"	0
174	"another musical selection"	"served"	"as a prelude from a comic dance-drama"	0
174	"another musical selection"	"served"	"as a prelude to scenes from a comic dance-drama"	1
174	"another musical selection"	"served"	"in the folk style"	1
174	"another musical selection"	"served"	"from a comic dance-drama"	0
174	"another musical selection"	"served"	"from a comic dance-drama in the folk style"	1
174	"another musical selection"	"served"	"to scenes from a comic dance-drama"	1
Divertimento" from "Le Baiser de la Fee," presented by the New York City Ballet on Wednesday night at the New York State Theater, is one of George Balanchine's odder ballets.
175	"on Wednesday night at the New York State Theater"	"is"	"one of George Balanchine 's odder ballets"	1
The consortium, called CityLink Telecommunications Ltd., has pledged to invest $568 million to upgrade the telecommunication capabilities of the subway system, which is being overhauled, and maintain it for 20 years.
176	"the subway system"	"maintain"	"it for 20 years"	0
176	"the subway system which is being overhauled"	"maintain"	"it"	0
176	"the subway system which is being overhauled"	"maintain"	"it for 20 years"	0
176	"the subway system"	"maintain"	"it"	0
Today's bet is that the promise of sending British or German or American troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy will not only make that unnecessary but will also help to entrench democracy and a free market system in Eastern Europe.
177	"Today 's bet"	"is"	"that the promise of sending British or German or American troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy will not only make that unnecessary"	1
177	"the promise of sending British or German or American troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"to defend"	"Warsaw or Prague"	1
177	"the promise of sending British or German or American troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"to defend"	"Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	1
177	"the promise of sending British or German or American troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will help to entrench"	"democracy and a free market system"	1
177	"the promise of sending British or German or American troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will help to entrench"	"democracy and a free market system in Eastern Europe"	1
It may seem as if she did not need the training, but it is already paying off.
178	"It"	"may seem"	"as if"	1
178	"It"	"may seem"	"she"	1
178	"It"	"may seem"	"as if she"	1
178	"It"	"did not need"	"the training"	1
His staging has a touch of Broadway corn, with six choreographed female dancers.
179	"His staging"	"has"	"a touch"	1
179	"His staging"	"has"	"a touch with six choreographed female dancers"	0
Nightmarish Soviet-style bureaucratic controls remain, like needing a special government permit to buy a delivery van.
180	"Nightmarish Soviet-style bureaucratic controls"	"to buy"	"a delivery van"	1
The Daisy Systems Corporation said today that some of its bondholders had filed a petition for involuntary bankruptcy against the computer company.
181	"some of its bondholders"	"had filed"	"a petition"	1
181	"some of its bondholders"	"had filed"	"a petition against the computer company"	1
The Digital Domain column last Sunday, about Craigslist, the online bulletin board, misstated the name of a consulting firm that found in a survey last fall that many newspaper industry executives were unaware of the site's arrival in their cities.
182	"The Digital Domain column last Sunday about Craigslist"	"misstated"	"the name of a consulting firm that"	0
182	"the online bulletin board"	"misstated"	"the name of a consulting firm that"	0
182	"the online bulletin board"	"misstated"	"the name"	0
182	"The Digital Domain column last Sunday about Craigslist"	"misstated"	"the name"	0
182	"many newspaper industry executives"	"were"	"unaware of the site 's arrival in their cities"	1
A review on June 29, about two books on German musicians and music in the Nazi period, referred incorrectly to Fred K. Prieberg's 1982 German book on those subjects.
Hayden's Point was built by James Gamble Rogers for Chet Bowles, and it was never meant to be a showplace.
184	"by James Gamble Rogers"	"built"	"for Chet Bowles"	1
184	"by James Gamble Rogers"	"was meant to be"	"a showplace"	1
Bennett confirmed when he addressed the Township Council tonight that the United States attorney's office had requested information from the township.
185	"Bennett"	"addressed"	"the Township Council tonight"	0
185	"Bennett"	"addressed"	"the Township Council tonight that the United States attorney 's office"	0
In 1964, he joined CBS News as an associate producer of "CBS News With Walter Cronkite" in Washington, and he later became the producer for White House correspondent Dan Rather, now CBS's weekday anchor, during the Nixon Administration.
186	"he"	"joined"	"CBS News With Walter Cronkite "	0
186	"he"	"joined"	"CBS News as an associate producer of  CBS News in Washington"	1
186	"he"	"joined"	"CBS News as an associate producer of  CBS News With Walter Cronkite "	0
186	"he"	"joined"	"CBS News as an associate producer of  CBS News With Walter Cronkite  in Washington"	0
186	"he"	"joined"	"CBS News as an associate producer of  CBS News"	1
186	"he"	"joined"	"CBS News With Walter Cronkite  in Washington"	0
186	"he"	"became"	"the producer for White House correspondent Dan Rather now CBS 's weekday anchor during the Nixon Administration"	1
Her subjects were friends and artists who posed for her in their "Full Monty" glory.
187	"Her subjects"	"were"	"friends and artists who posed for"	1
Justice Charles R. Alberti, a retired associate justice of the Massachusetts Superior Court in Pittsfield, performed the ceremony at the home of the bride's parents.
188	"a retired associate justice of the Massachusetts Superior Court in Pittsfield"	"performed"	"the ceremony"	0
188	"a retired associate justice of the Massachusetts Superior Court in Pittsfield"	"performed"	"the ceremony at the home of the bride 's parents"	1
David Johansen's latest genre excursion heads for the recorded roots of American music: the blues, ballads, country and gospel songs, full of murder and adultery and hope for redemption, that were collected by Harry Smith for his Anthology of American Folk Music, a foundation of the 1950's folk revival.
Ford shares fell 2 cents, to $9.96.
190	"Ford shares"	"fell"	"to $ 9.96"	1
Bic is being sued by people who say their lighters exploded, causing burns, and in some cases, death.
Indeed, they were treated more fairly than Lawrence H. Summers, the president of Harvard, has been treated by his faculty.
With the Jets' training camp opening next Monday, Hadley Engelhard, the agent for the team's first-round draft pick, Dewayne Robertson, will arrive in New York today and expects to meet with the Jets tomorrow in an effort to start contract negotiations.
A winner will be announced in October.
Until the investigation is completed and the I.A.A.F. convenes in London April 15 to decide her case, the federation has instructed the British Amateur Athletic Board to withdraw Budd from all international competition.
195	"the I.A.A.F."	"convenes"	"in London April"	1
195	"15"	"has instructed"	"the British Amateur Athletic Board"	1
195	"15"	"to withdraw"	"Budd"	0
195	"15"	"to withdraw"	"Budd from all international competition"	0
195	"the federation"	"to withdraw"	"Budd from all international competition"	0
195	"the federation"	"to withdraw"	"Budd"	0
195	"15"	"to decide"	"her case"	1
195	"the federation"	"to decide"	"her case"	1
The bride is the stepdaughter of Richard L. Harris.
But how about Bodynet, an enveloping computer web in which your wireless-data telephone might actually be a hat?
197	"your wireless-data telephone"	"might be"	"a hat"	1
Mr. Parkin's office was also searched by the F.B.I.
General Blevins agreed and said he would strike with a tank regiment held in reserve as well as with helicopters and Air Force support.
199	"General Blevins"	"agreed"	"helicopters and Air Force support"	0
