CourtLink, which has 160 employees, developed a filing system that enables judges, lawyers and court clerks to process pleadings, motions and other documents electronically over a secure connection.
0	"CourtLink"	"developed"	"a filing system"
0	"a filing system"	"enables"	"judges lawyers and court clerks to process pleadings motions and other documents"
0	"CourtLink"	"developed"	"a filing system that enables judges , lawyers and court clerks to process pleadings , motions and other documents electronically over a secure connection"
0	"a filing system"	"enables"	"court clerks to process pleadings"
A graduate of the University of Arizona, she is a lecturer in writing at Princeton University and an author under the name of Kathryn Watterson Burkhart.
1	"she"	"is"	"a lecturer"
1	"she"	"is"	"a lecturer in writing at Princeton University and an author"
1	"she"	"be an author under"	"the name of Kathryn Watterson Burkhart"
The events occurred in July.
2	"The events"	"occurred in"	"July"
Terrorist attacks by E.T.A. have declined in recent years and the number of its hardcore militants is thought to have fallen from the hundreds of 15 years ago to several score.
3	"the number of its hardcore militants"	"is thought"	"to have fallen from the hundreds of 15 years ago to several score"
3	"Terrorist attacks by E.T.A."	"have declined"	"in recent years"
Mr. Mahdi and Mr. Chalabi say they aim to form a "national unity" government with Iraq's main political leaders, presumably including Mr. Allawi.
4	"Mr. Mahdi and Mr. Chalabi"	"say"	"they aim to form a national unity government with Iraq 's main political leaders"
4	"they"	"aim to form"	"a "national unity " government"
4	"Iraq"	"has"	"main political leaders"
4	"they"	"aim"	"to form a national unity government with Iraq 's main political leaders"
4	"Mr. Chalabi"	"say"	"they aim to form a national unity government with Iraq 's main political leaders"
4	"Mr. Mahdi"	"say"	"they aim to form a national unity government with Iraq 's main political leaders"
"The girls want to protect themselves."
5	"The girls"	"want"	"to protect themselves"
5	"The girls"	"want to protect"	"themselves"
He also had stints with the New York Philharmonic, Metropolitan Opera Orchestra, CBS Symphony and Symphony of the Air, the NBC Symphony's successor.
6	"He"	"had"	"stints with Symphony of the Air"
6	"He"	"had"	"stints with the New York Philharmonic Metropolitan Opera Orchestra CBS Symphony and Symphony of the Air"
6	"He"	"had"	"stints with Symphony of the Air also"
6	"He"	"had"	"stints with the New York Philharmonic Metropolitan Opera Orchestra CBS Symphony and Symphony of the Air also"
6	"He"	"also had stints with"	"the New York Philharmonic"
6	"the NBC Symphony"	"has"	"successor"
In recent weeks, as the incentive wars have escalated, other automakers have beefed up their warranties.
7	"other automakers"	"have beefed up"	"their warranties as the incentive wars have escalated"
7	"other automakers"	"have beefed up"	"their warranties In recent weeks"
7	"the incentive wars"	"have escalated"
7	"other automakers"	"have beefed up"	"their warranties"
President Bush deserves much credit for sharply increasing United States financing for AIDS prevention programs overseas.
8	"President Bush"	"deserves"	"much credit for sharply increasing United States financing for AIDS prevention programs overseas"
"The opportunity is significant and I hope we can take the opportunity to move forward," he said referring to his coming trip to Britain.
9	"he"	"said"	"The opportunity is significant referring to his coming trip"
9	"I"	"hope"	"we can take the opportunity to move forward"
9	"he"	"said"	"The opportunity is significant referring to his coming trip to Britain"
9	"he"	"said"	"The opportunity is significant and I hope we can take the opportunity to move forward referring to his coming trip to Britain"
9	"we"	"can take"	"the opportunity to move forward"
9	"we"	"can take"	"the opportunity"
9	"The opportunity"	"is"	"significant"
9	"he"	"said"	"I hope we can take the opportunity to move forward referring to his coming trip to Britain"
9	"he"	"said"	"I hope we can take the opportunity to move forward referring to his coming trip"
9	"he"	"said"	"The opportunity is significant and I hope we can take the opportunity to move forward referring to his coming trip"
And, since, as any reputable language teacher knows, bilingualism in the school merely reinforces what the child hears at home - and slows his learning of English - the whole idea is pointless.
10	"bilingualism in the school"	"reinforces"	"what the child hears at home as any reputable language teacher knows"
10	"bilingualism"	"slows"	"his learning of English"
10	"the whole idea"	"is"	"pointless"
10	"bilingualism in the school"	"reinforces"	"what the child hears at home"
10	"bilingualism in the school"	"reinforces"	"what the child hears at home and slows his learning of English merely"
10	"bilingualism in the school"	"reinforces"	"what the child hears at home and slows his learning of English since"
10	"bilingualism in the school"	"reinforces"	"what the child hears at home and slows his learning of English"
10	"bilingualism in the school"	"reinforces"	"what the child hears at home and slows his learning of English as any reputable language teacher knows"
10	"bilingualism in the school"	"reinforces"	"what the child hears at home merely"
10	"bilingualism in the school"	"reinforces"	"what the child hears at home since"
In its most recent survey, the Congress for New Urbanism, a nonprofit organization based in Chicago, reported 648 neighborhood-scale New Urbanist communities in the United States, an increase of 176 over a 12-month period.
11	"a nonprofit organization"	"be based in"	"Chicago"
11	"648 neighborhood-scale New Urbanist communities"	"be reported in"	"its most recent survey"
11	"a nonprofit organization"	"be based"	"in Chicago"
11	"the Congress for New Urbanism"	"reported"	"648 neighborhood-scale New Urbanist communities in the United States"
11	"the Congress for New Urbanism"	"reported"	"648 neighborhood-scale New Urbanist communities In its most recent survey"
11	"New Urbanism"	"is"	"a nonprofit organization based in Chicago"
11	"the Congress for New Urbanism"	"reported"	"648 neighborhood-scale New Urbanist communities"
Meanwhile, the truth - that in most families where child abuse (sexual or otherwise) takes place, women are also victimized, either through dominance and control or actual violence - that reality is smokescreened, and the problem of the powerful abusing their power is perpetuated.
12	"reality"	"is smokescreened"
12	"child abuse"	"takes"	"place"
12	"the powerful"	"be abusing"	"their power"
It goes against all that this country stands for.
13	"It"	"goes"	"against all that this country stands for"
But inexpensive point-and-shoot cameras can do the job if they have a telephoto setting or a zoom lens.
14	"they"	"have"	"a telephoto setting or a zoom lens"
14	"they"	"have"	"a telephoto setting"
14	"inexpensive point-and-shoot cameras"	"can do"	"the job"	"[enabler=if they have a telephoto setting or a zoom lens]"
14	"inexpensive point-and-shoot cameras"	"can do"	"the job if they have a telephoto setting or a zoom lens"
14	"inexpensive point-and-shoot cameras"	"can do"	"the job if they have a zoom lens"
14	"inexpensive point-and-shoot cameras"	"can do"	"the job if they have a telephoto setting"
14	"inexpensive point-and-shoot cameras"	"can do"	"the job"
14	"they"	"have"	"a zoom lens"
Few have tried, and far fewer have succeeded.
We can use a little more of that trust this year.
16	"We"	"can use"	"a little more of that trust this year"
16	"We"	"can use"	"a little more of that trust"
The Embassy said 6,700 Americans were in Pakistan.
17	"6,700 Americans"	"were"	"in Pakistan"
17	"6,700 Americans"	"were in"	"Pakistan"
17	"6,700 Americans"	"were in"	"Pakistan"	"[attrib=The Embassy said]"
17	"The Embassy"	"said"	"6,700 Americans were in Pakistan"
Along with Dow Jones and Microsoft, the companies included CNN, but not its parent, AOL Time Warner.
18	"the companies"	"included"	"CNN Along with Dow Jones"
18	"the companies"	"included"	"CNN but not its parent Along with Dow Jones and Microsoft"
18	"the companies"	"included"	"CNN but not its parent"
18	"the companies"	"included"	"CNN,"
18	"its"	"has"	"parent"
18	"its parent"	"is"	"AOL Time Warner"
"I'd recommend three Xanax, a great bottle of cabernet and looking for a new publicist.
19	"I"	"'d recommend"	"three Xanax"
The case is being appealed.
Doctors in Pennsylvania and West Virginia are expected to notify S.M.I. bioterror experts of any "suspicious event," from an unusual rash to a finger lost in an explosion, identifying but not informing the patient.
21	"a finger"	"be lost in"	"an explosion"
21	"a finger"	"be lost"	"in an explosion"
21	"Doctors in Pennsylvania and West Virginia"	"are expected"	"to notify S.M.I. bioterror experts of any suspicious event from an unusual rash to a finger lost in an explosion identifying but not informing the patient"
Nothing else is untouched, regardless of its provenance.
22	"Nothing else"	"is untouched"	"regardless of its provenance"
A large influx is going to create problems.
23	"A large influx"	"is going to create"	"problems"
23	"A large influx"	"is going"	"to create problems"
Morningwood Ulysses S. Grant, the second-ranked basset hound in 1998, was received, the quota had been filled.
24	"Morningwood Ulysses S. Grant"	"is"	"the second-ranked basset hound in 1998"
24	"Morningwood Ulysses S. Grant"	"was received"
McGaughey said that Personal Ensign might race again in New York this year and definitely would race next year and be pointed for the Breeders' Cup.
25	"Personal Ensign"	"might race"	"again in New York this year"
25	"Personal Ensign"	"might race again in"	"New York"
25	"Personal Ensign"	"be pointed for"	"the Breeders ' Cup"	"[attrib=McGaughey said]"
25	"Personal Ensign"	"might race"	"again"
25	"McGaughey"	"said"	"that Personal Ensign might race again in New York this year"
The region is still far from rebuilt, despite Government promises to have the work completed within two years, and there have been accusations of corruption and misuse of relief funds.
26	"The region"	"is"	"far from rebuilt"
26	"the work"	"be completed"	"within two years"
Simmons said she would not reveal her opinion on reparations so as not to influence the committee.
27	"she"	"would not reveal"	"her opinion"
27	"Simmons"	"said"	"she would not reveal her opinion on reparations so as not to influence the committee"
27	"she"	"would not reveal"	"her opinion"	"[attrib=Simmons said]"
An asbestos and lead survey found "a substantial amount" of asbestos in the buildings.
28	"An asbestos and lead survey"	"found"	"a substantial amount " of asbestos"
28	"An asbestos and lead survey"	"found"	"a substantial amount of asbestos"
28	"An asbestos and lead survey"	"found"	"a substantial amount of asbestos in the buildings"
Meanwhile, Ms. Coughlin is pursuing her case in a Federal court in Nevada against the last remaining defendant, the Las Vegas Hilton, which has denied it negligently failed to provide adequate security.
29	"Ms. Coughlin"	"is pursuing"	"her case in a Federal court in Nevada against the last remaining defendant"
29	"the Las Vegas Hilton"	"failed"	"to provide adequate security"
29	"Ms. Coughlin"	"is pursuing her case in"	"a Federal court"
29	"Ms. Coughlin"	"is pursuing"	"her case in a Federal court"
To reach the museums by foot, leave from the station's 30th Street exit and walk along J.
30	"the station"	"has"	"30th Street exit"
In lieu of flowers, donations in his memory can be made to the International Myeloma Foundation, 12650 Riverside Drive, Suite 206, North Hollywood, CA.
31	"donations in his memory"	"can be made"	"to the International Myeloma Foundation In lieu of flowers"
31	"donations in his memory"	"can be made"	"to the International Myeloma Foundation"
31	"donations"	"can be made to"	"the International Myeloma Foundation"
Julian Stark does his own hapless stunts in his takeoff on the "Hercules" movies starring Steve Reeves; Shannon Plumb contributes a Chaplinesque "Diary of a Mad Housewife."
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts in his takeoff on the Hercules movies starring Steve Reeves"
32	"the Hercules movies"	"be starring"	"Steve Reeves"
32	"Shannon Plumb"	"contributes"	"a Chaplinesque " Diary of a Mad Housewife"
32	"Julian Stark"	"does"	"his own hapless stunts"
32	"Shannon Plumb"	"contributes"	"a Chaplinesque Diary of a Mad Housewife"
The negative outlook also reflects the possibility of "further managerial instability and movement, financial penalties, findings supporting shareholder litigation and further reserve adjustments.
33	"The negative outlook"	"reflects"	"the possibility of findings supporting further reserve adjustments also"
33	"The negative outlook"	"reflects"	"the possibility of findings supporting shareholder litigation also"
33	"The negative outlook"	"reflects"	"the possibility of findings supporting further reserve adjustments"
33	"The negative outlook"	"reflects"	"the possibility of further managerial instability and movement financial penalties findings supporting shareholder litigation and further reserve adjustments"
33	"findings"	"be supporting"	"shareholder litigation and further reserve adjustments"
33	"The negative outlook"	"also reflects the possibility of"	""further managerial instability and movement , financial penalties"
33	"The negative outlook"	"reflects"	"the possibility of further managerial instability and movement financial penalties findings supporting shareholder litigation and further reserve adjustments also"
33	"The negative outlook"	"reflects"	"the possibility of financial penalties also"
33	"The negative outlook"	"reflects"	"the possibility of findings supporting shareholder litigation"
33	"The negative outlook"	"reflects"	"the possibility of further managerial instability"
33	"The negative outlook"	"reflects"	"the possibility of financial penalties"
33	"The negative outlook"	"reflects"	"the possibility of further managerial instability also"
33	"findings"	"be supporting"	"shareholder litigation"
33	"The negative outlook"	"also reflects"	"the possibility of "further managerial instability"
33	"findings"	"be supporting"	"further reserve adjustments"
My words were as perishable as doodles on an Etch-a-Sketch, I got half the money for twice the work, and I had to share the writer's credit.
34	"I"	"had"	"to share the writer 's credit"
34	"I"	"got"	"half the money"
34	"I"	"had to share"	"the writer 's credit"
Although the classic loafer can travel anywhere, this spring's variations are certainly a step in a new direction.
35	"the classic loafer"	"can travel"	"anywhere"
35	"this spring 's variations"	"are"	"a step in a new direction"
Eventually, they say, fares should cover about 50 percent of the costs of the system, up from the current 25 to 38 percent, depending on the method of calculation.
36	"they"	"say"	"Eventually fares should cover about 50 percent of the costs of the system up from the current 25 to 38 percent depending on the method of calculation"
36	"fares"	"should cover about"	"50 percent of the costs of the system"
36	"fares"	"should cover"	"about 50 percent of the costs of the system up from the current 25 to 38 percent"
Taken for granted it sometimes may be, but this year the Defense Department sought $950 million in assistance from Congress (and secured half that amount) for Ankara's huge military machine, which includes the biggest standing army in NATO outside the United States.
37	"the Defense Department"	"sought"	"$ 950 million in assistance"
37	"the Defense Department"	"sought"	"$ 950 million from Congress"
37	"Ankara"	"has"	"huge military machine"
37	"the Defense Department"	"sought"	"$ 950 million"
37	"Ankara 's huge military machine"	"includes"	"the biggest standing army in NATO outside the United States"
37	"the Defense Department"	"sought"	"$ 950 million this year"
37	"the Defense Department"	"sought"	"$ 950 million for Ankara 's huge military machine"
An article last Sunday about the purchase of 40 Wall Street referred incorrectly to the buyer's arrangements with the owner of the land.
38	"the buyer"	"has"	"arrangements"
38	"An article"	"referred incorrectly to"	"the buyer 's arrangements"
But if it does happen, Senator Pell will no longer be around to receive special back-room briefings from Uri Geller, the psychic spoon-bender.
39	"Senator Pell"	"will be around"	"to receive special back-room briefings from Uri Geller no longer"
39	"Uri Geller"	"is"	"the psychic spoon-bender"
39	"it"	"does happen"
The Giants convened today to begin their first preparations for Monday night's game in Minnesota against the Vikings.
40	"The Giants"	"convened"	"to begin their first preparations"
40	"The Giants"	"convened to begin"	"their first preparations"
40	"The Giants"	"convened"	"today to begin their first preparations for Monday night 's game in Minnesota"
40	"The Giants"	"convened"	"to begin their first preparations for Monday night 's game in Minnesota"
40	"The Giants"	"convened"	"today to begin their first preparations"
John Lamar Odom, pastor of the First Presbyterian Church in Oceanside, L.I., were married yesterday.
41	"John Lamar Odom"	"be pastor of"	"the First Presbyterian Church"
41	"John Lamar Odom"	"is"	"pastor of the First Presbyterian Church in Oceanside L.I."
41	"John Lamar Odom"	"were married"	"yesterday"
The World Health Organization has issued a report detailing an ambitious, often covert effort by the tobacco industry to curb global anti-smoking initiatives, dating back to the late 1980's.
42	"The World Health Organization"	"has issued"	"a report detailing an ambitious often covert effort by the tobacco industry to curb global anti-smoking initiatives dating back to the late 1980 's"
42	"The World Health Organization"	"has issued"	"a report detailing an ambitious often covert effort by the tobacco industry to curb global anti-smoking initiatives"
42	"a report"	"be detailing"	"an ambitious often covert effort by the tobacco industry to curb global anti-smoking initiatives"
42	"The World Health Organization"	"has issued"	"a report detailing an ambitious , often covert effort by the tobacco industry"
42	"The World Health Organization"	"has issued"	"a report"
Kent was not told of the situation until the game was over.
43	"Kent"	"was not told"	"of the situation until the game was over"
43	"Kent"	"was not told of"	"the situation"	"[enabler=until the game was over]"
43	"the game"	"was"	"over"
It has set up a robotic system that systematically tests all 2,000 existing chemical drugs in combinations of two.
44	"a robotic system"	"tests"	"all 2,000 existing chemical drugs in combinations of two systematically"
44	"a robotic system"	"tests"	"all 2,000 existing chemical drugs in combinations of two"
44	"It"	"has set up"	"a robotic system"
44	"It"	"has set up"	"a robotic system that systematically tests all 2,000 existing chemical drugs in combinations of two"
44	"a robotic system"	"systematically tests"	"all 2,000 existing chemical drugs"
The state-run English-language Teheran Times reported that Parliament would begin debate on the Cabinet on Tuesday, with "two weeks to complete discussions and vote."
45	"Parliament"	"would begin"	"debate on the Cabinet with two weeks to complete discussions and vote"
45	"Parliament"	"would begin"	"debate"	"[attrib=The state-run English-language Teheran Times reported]"
45	"The state-run English-language Teheran Times"	"reported"	"that Parliament would begin debate on the Cabinet on Tuesday with two weeks to complete discussions and vote"
45	"Parliament"	"would begin debate on"	"the Cabinet"
45	"Parliament"	"would begin"	"debate on the Cabinet with two weeks to complete discussions"
45	"The state-run English-language Teheran Times"	"reported"	"that Parliament would begin debate on the Cabinet on Tuesday with two weeks to complete discussions"
He said the public school from which he transferred three years ago had metal detectors that still failed to keep out the sense that danger lurked nearby.
46	"he"	"transferred"	"three years ago from the public school"
46	"metal detectors"	"failed"	"to keep out the sense that danger lurked nearby"
46	"metal detectors"	"failed"	"to keep out the sense that danger lurked nearby still"
46	"the public school"	"had"	"metal detectors"
46	"he"	"transferred"	"from the public school"
46	"the public school from which he transferred three years ago"	"had"	"metal detectors that still failed to keep out the sense that danger lurked nearby"	"[attrib=He said]"
46	"He"	"said"	"the public school had metal detectors"
Nordstrom Inc., the retail chain based on the West Coast, said today that it had created an office of the president to strengthen its executive management team.
47	"Nordstrom Inc."	"said"	"today that it had created an office of the president to strengthen its executive management team"
47	"the retail chain"	"be based"	"on the West Coast"
47	"the retail chain"	"be based on"	"the West Coast"
47	"it"	"had created"	"an office of the president to strengthen its executive management team"	"[attrib=Nordstrom Inc. said]"
47	"it"	"had created"	"an office of the president to strengthen its executive management team"
47	"Nordstrom Inc."	"is"	"the retail chain based on the West Coast"
47	"Nordstrom Inc."	"said"	"that it had created an office of the president to strengthen its executive management team"
All of these portraits, incidentally, are based on fact.
48	"All of these portraits"	"are based"	"on fact incidentally"
48	"All of these portraits"	"are based on"	"fact"
48	"All of these portraits"	"are based"	"on fact"
Dr. Weiss graduated summa cum laude from Brandeis University and received his medical degree from Yale University.
49	"Dr. Weiss"	"received"	"his medical degree"
49	"Dr. Weiss"	"graduated"	"summa cum laude from Brandeis University"
49	"Dr. Weiss"	"received"	"his medical degree from Yale University"
The announced crowd was 15,568.
In times past, getting a taxi at a New York City airport was often a Darwinian affair, a frenzied, survival-of-the-fittest scene of piled-up luggage, darting taxis and shouting cabbies looking for an edge.
51	"cabbies"	"be looking"	"for an edge"
They won 26 of their next 31 games, including 11 straight in June.
52	"They"	"won"	"26 of their next 31 games including 11 straight in June"
52	"They"	"won"	"26 of their next 31 games"
This revelatory micro-exhibition reunites five portraits of the postal worker Joseph Roulin, whom van Gogh met while in Arles.
53	"van Gogh"	"met"	"the postal worker Joseph Roulin while in Arles"
53	"This revelatory micro-exhibition"	"reunites"	"five portraits of the postal worker Joseph Roulin"
We did not want to have something in our home that would be too heavy for us to lift.
54	"We"	"did not want to have"	"something that would be too heavy for us to lift"
A defense spokesman added that British officials were "aware of the potential" for missile attacks along the border between the province and the Irish republic.
55	"British officials"	"were"	"aware"
55	"A defense spokesman"	"added"	"that British officials were aware of the potential for missile attacks along the border between the province and the Irish republic"
Like all good pamphlets, "The Missionary Position," by Christopher Hitchens, is very short, zealously overwritten, and rails wildly in defense of an almost nonsensical proposition: that Mother Teresa of Calcutta is actually not a saint but an evil and selfish old woman.
56	"Mother Teresa of Calcutta"	"is not"	"a saint actually"
56	"The Missionary Position by Christopher Hitchens"	"is"	"short zealously overwritten and rails wildly in defense of an almost nonsensical proposition that Mother Teresa of Calcutta is actually not a saint but an evil and selfish old woman"
56	"The Missionary Position"	"is very"	"short , zealously overwritten"
56	"Mother Teresa of Calcutta"	"is not"	"a saint"
56	"The Missionary Position"	"rails in"	"defense of an almost nonsensical proposition"
56	"Mother Teresa of Calcutta"	"is not"	"a saint but selfish old woman"
56	"The Missionary Position by Christopher Hitchens"	"is"	"short zealously overwritten and rails wildly in defense of an almost nonsensical proposition that Mother Teresa of Calcutta is actually not a saint but an evil and selfish old woman Like all good pamphlets"
56	"Mother Teresa of Calcutta"	"is not"	"a saint but an evil and selfish old woman"
Devoted mother of Lyn Boland Dosik and the late Howard Batzar.
Steamed crabs with scallions and ginger ($10.95) were tender, easy to open and delicately flavored.
58	"Steamed crabs with scallions and ginger"	"is"	"$ 10.95"
58	"Steamed crabs with scallions and ginger"	"were"	"tender easy to open and delicately flavored"
"It's only going to get worse before it gets better."
59	"It"	"'s only going to get"	"worse"
Tickets are $30 and $25.
He is the assistant director for policy at the Gay Men's Health Crisis.
61	"the Gay Men"	"has"	"Health Crisis"
61	"He"	"is"	"the assistant director for policy at the Gay Men 's Health Crisis"
61	"He"	"is the assistant director at"	"the Gay Men 's Health Crisis"
The Hall of Fame-bound pitcher fires a fastball.
62	"The Hall of Fame-bound pitcher"	"fires"	"a fastball"
"It was clear to us when we visited there in October that the Romanians hated those who had left the country," said Liselotte Leicht, program director at the Helsinki Federation.
63	"we"	"visited"	"there"
63	"It"	"was"	"clear to us"
63	"It"	"was"	"clear when we visited there in October that the Romanians hated those"
63	"It"	"was"	"clear"
63	"Liselotte Leicht"	"be program director at"	"the Helsinki Federation"
63	"those"	"had left"	"the country"
63	"the Romanians"	"hated"	"those"
63	"It"	"was clear to"	"us"	"[attrib=Liselotte Leicht said]"
63	"we"	"visited in"	"October"
63	"Liselotte Leicht"	"is"	"program director at the Helsinki Federation"
Officials declined yesterday to identify the medication involved.
64	"Officials"	"declined"	"to identify the medication involved"
64	"Officials"	"declined"	"yesterday to identify the medication involved"
64	"Officials"	"declined to identify"	"the medication involved"
I readied my gear for a truly local fishing trip.
65	"I"	"readied"	"my gear for a truly local fishing trip"
65	"my gear"	"be readied for"	"a truly local fishing trip"
Yesterday, when The News led with "Friendly Fire" and "30 Marines wounded in attack near Nassiriya," The Post said, "Saddam's evil order to kids: Fight or your parents die," followed by "How low can Iraq sink.
66	"30 Marines"	"wounded in"	"attack"
They live with Dirk, Weetzie's gay best friend, his lover, Duck, and Weetzie's daughter, Cherokee, possibly conceived during group sex with Dirk and Duck.
67	"They"	"live with"	"Dirk"
67	"Weetzie"	"has"	"daughter"
67	"Weetzie 's daughter possibly conceived during group sex with Dirk"	"is"	"Cherokee"
67	"Cherokee"	"be daughter of"	"Dirk , Weetzie 's gay best friend , his lover , Duck , and Weetzie"
67	"Weetzie 's daughter possibly conceived during group sex with Duck"	"is"	"Cherokee"
67	"They"	"live with"	"Dirk , Weetzie 's gay best friend , his lover , Duck , and Weetzie 's daughter"
67	"Weetzie 's daughter"	"be conceived"	"possibly during group sex with Dirk"
67	"Weetzie 's daughter"	"be conceived"	"possibly during group sex with Duck"
Among his many honors, he won the Waterford International Biomedical Award and Eli Lilly Award in Bacteriology and citations from the American Association of Medical Colleges and the American Society of Cell Biology.
68	"he"	"won"	"the Waterford International Biomedical Award in Bacteriology"
68	"he"	"won citations among"	"his many honors"
68	"he"	"won"	"the Waterford International Biomedical Award in Bacteriology Among his many honors"
68	"he"	"won"	"the Waterford International Biomedical Award"
68	"he"	"won citations from"	"the American Association of Medical Colleges and the American Society of Cell Biology"
68	"he"	"won"	"the Waterford International Biomedical Award and Eli Lilly Award in Bacteriology and citations"
68	"he"	"won"	"Eli Lilly Award in Bacteriology"
68	"he"	"won"	"the Waterford International Biomedical Award and Eli Lilly Award in Bacteriology and citations from the American Association of Medical Colleges and the American Society of Cell Biology"
68	"he"	"won"	"Eli Lilly Award in Bacteriology Among his many honors"
68	"he"	"won"	"the Waterford International Biomedical Award and Eli Lilly Award in Bacteriology and citations Among his many honors"
Sheik Thamer is the deputy to Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sestani, the country's most senior Shiite cleric.
69	"Sheik Thamer"	"is"	"the deputy to Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sestani"
69	"the country"	"has"	"most senior Shiite cleric"
69	"Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sestani"	"is"	"the country 's most senior Shiite cleric"
69	"Sheik Thamer"	"is the deputy to"	"Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sestani"
69	"Sheik Thamer"	"is"	"the deputy"
The limits, which have not been made definite, will be even lower for economy and business-class travelers.
70	"The limits"	"have not been made"	"definite"
70	"The limits"	"will be"	"lower for economy travelers"
70	"The limits"	"will be even lower for"	"economy and business-class travelers"
70	"The limits"	"will be"	"lower"
70	"The limits"	"will be"	"lower for economy and business-class travelers"
70	"The limits"	"will be"	"lower for business-class travelers"
The shuttle between Times Square and Grand Central also was stopped, and Flushing line trains bypassed Grand Central.
71	"The shuttle between Times Square and Grand Central"	"was stopped"
71	"Flushing line trains"	"bypassed"	"Grand Central"
71	"The shuttle between Times Square and Grand Central"	"was stopped"	"also"
It will not settle anything and her advisers will walk away and they'll still be making demands.
72	"her advisers"	"will walk away"
72	"they"	"'ll be making"	"demands"
72	"It"	"will not settle"	"anything"
72	"they"	"'ll still be making"	"demands"
72	"they"	"'ll be making"	"demands still"
His one miscalculation was to ask for humming in the second song, for nobody can hum to fill Carnegie Hall.
73	"His one miscalculation"	"was"	"to ask for humming in the second song for nobody can hum to fill Carnegie Hall"
73	"His one miscalculation"	"was to ask for"	"humming"
73	"nobody"	"can hum"	"to fill Carnegie Hall"
73	"His one miscalculation"	"was"	"to ask for humming in the second song"
The San Antonio News Express reported yesterday that negotiations had broken down.
74	"The San Antonio News Express"	"reported"	"that negotiations had broken down"
74	"The San Antonio News Express"	"reported"	"yesterday that negotiations had broken down"
74	"negotiations"	"had broken down"
The playing wasn't bad, really; it just wasn't good enough to justify the event.
75	"The playing"	"was n't"	"bad really"
75	"The playing"	"was n't"	"bad"
75	"it"	"was n't"	"good enough to justify the event"
Frauke Petersen Haasemann, the assistant conductor of the Westminster Choir and professor of conducting at the Westminster Choir College, died last Friday at her home in Princeton, N.J.
76	"Frauke Petersen Haasemann"	"died"	"at her home in Princeton N.J."
76	"Frauke Petersen Haasemann"	"died"
76	"Frauke Petersen Haasemann"	"is"	"the assistant conductor of the Westminster Choir and professor of conducting at the Westminster Choir College"
76	"Frauke Petersen Haasemann"	"be the assistant conductor of"	"the Westminster Choir"
76	"Frauke Petersen Haasemann"	"is"	"professor of conducting at the Westminster Choir College"
76	"Frauke Petersen Haasemann"	"died"	"last Friday"
76	"Frauke Petersen Haasemann"	"is"	"the assistant conductor of the Westminster Choir"
76	"her"	"has"	"home in Princeton N.J."
76	"Frauke Petersen Haasemann"	"died at"	"her home"
76	"professor"	"died last Friday at"	"her home"
For the proposal itself, he toured five hotels in search of a room with a view of Central Park and selected one on a high floor of the Carlyle.
77	"five hotels"	"be toured for"	"the proposal"
77	"five hotels"	"be toured in"	"search of a room"
77	"he"	"toured"	"five hotels in search of a room"
77	"he"	"toured"	"five hotels For the proposal itself"
77	"he"	"selected"	"one"
77	"he"	"selected"	"one For the proposal itself"
77	"he"	"selected one on"	"a high floor of the Carlyle"
77	"one"	"be selected on"	"a high floor of the Carlyle"
77	"he"	"selected"	"one on a high floor of the Carlyle"
Mr. Hashimoto, who denied the bribery charges, took his case to the Supreme Court, but the court had not issued a ruling by the time of his death.
78	"Mr. Hashimoto"	"took"	"his case to the Supreme Court"
78	"the court"	"had not issued"	"a ruling by the time of his death"
78	"his case"	"be took to"	"the Supreme Court"
It is not really a camp, because no one is running things.
79	"It"	"is not"	"a camp"
79	"It"	"is not"	"a camp because no one is running things"
79	"no one"	"is running"	"things"
79	"It"	"is not"	"a camp really"
That pushed the unemployment rate to 12.5 percent, from 12.4 percent in May.
80	"That"	"pushed"	"the unemployment rate to 12.5 percent"
80	"the unemployment rate"	"be pushed to"	"12.5 percent"
It's not that I wouldn't drink these -- a number of them were very good.
81	"a number of them"	"were"	"good"
81	"a number of them"	"were"	"good very"
81	"It"	"'s not"	"that I would n't drink these"
81	"I"	"would n't drink"	"these"
Costello's main work since joining the Defense Department last October has been to develop a series of policies aimed at strengthening industrial technologies and manufacturing methods in areas that are deemed important to arms production.
82	"areas"	"are deemed"	"important to arms production"
82	"Costello 's main work"	"has been to develop"	"a series of policies"
82	"policies"	"be aimed"	"at strengthening industrial technologies"
82	"Costello 's main work since joining the Defense Department last October"	"has been"	"to develop a series of policies aimed at strengthening industrial technologies and manufacturing methods"
82	"policies"	"be aimed"	"at strengthening industrial technologies and manufacturing methods"
82	"Costello 's main work since joining the Defense Department last October"	"has been"	"to develop a series of policies aimed at strengthening industrial technologies"
Her father retired as a representative of manufacturers of railroad equipment.
83	"Her father"	"retired"	"as a representative of manufacturers of railroad equipment"
83	"Her father"	"be a representative of"	"manufacturers of railroad equipment"
83	"Her father"	"retired as"	"a representative of manufacturers of railroad equipment"
A class-action lawsuit against the N.C.A.A., contending that major college football teams violate antitrust laws by refusing to give athletic scholarships to all walk-on players, was filed yesterday in a United States District Court in Seattle.
84	"A class-action lawsuit against the N.C.A.A."	"be contending"	"that major college football teams violate antitrust laws by refusing to give athletic scholarships to all walk-on players"
84	"A class-action lawsuit against the N.C.A.A."	"was filed"	"yesterday contending that major college football teams violate antitrust laws by refusing to give athletic scholarships to all walk-on players"
84	"A class-action lawsuit against the N.C.A.A."	"was filed"	"yesterday in Seattle"
84	"A class-action lawsuit against the N.C.A.A."	"was filed"	"yesterday"
84	"A class-action lawsuit against the N.C.A.A."	"was filed"	"yesterday in a United States District Court"
84	"major college football teams"	"violate"	"antitrust laws by refusing to give athletic scholarships to all walk-on players"
84	"major college football teams"	"violate"	"antitrust laws"
Following the killing of Amadou Diallo, the inexorable conclusion is that this is a Police Department out of control, with elected officials who are not interested in holding anybody accountable for its actions.
85	"this"	"is"	"a Police Department out of control"
85	"this"	"is"	"a Police Department with elected officials"
85	"this"	"is"	"a Police Department"
85	"elected officials"	"are not"	"interested in holding anybody accountable for its actions"
Indeed, history shows that those who ignore energy prices and their impact on overall inflation do so at their own risk.
86	"those"	"ignore"	"their impact on overall inflation"
86	"history"	"shows"	"that those do so at their own risk"
86	"history"	"shows"	"that those do so at their own risk Indeed"
86	"those"	"ignore"	"energy prices"
86	"those"	"ignore"	"energy prices and their impact on overall inflation"
The New Jersey school, like most others, issued the flag patches that have become ubiquitous on players' uniforms these days as a gesture of support for allied efforts in the Persian Gulf.
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous these days on players uniforms"
87	"The New Jersey school"	"issued"	"the flag patches"
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous these days as a gesture of support for allied efforts in the Persian Gulf"
87	"the flag patches"	"have become"	"ubiquitous these days"
87	"players"	"has"	"uniforms"
87	"The New Jersey school"	"issued"	"the flag patches that have become ubiquitous on players ' uniforms these days as a gesture of support for allied efforts in the Persian Gulf"
87	"The New Jersey school"	"issued"	"the flag patches like most others"
Two Japanese travel agencies have desks beside the finely manicured English-style garden adjacent to the lobby, busily booking free-spending guests for golf, horseback riding and guided shopping jaunts.
Net income represented net asset value.
89	"Net income"	"represented"	"net asset value"
Barak also ended six weeks of total public silence on policy to reproach President Clinton for making seemingly offhand remarks about the rights of Palestinian refugees.
90	"Barak"	"ended"	"six weeks of total public silence on policy to reproach President Clinton for making seemingly offhand remarks about the rights of Palestinian refugees"
90	"Barak"	"also ended"	"six weeks of total public silence"
We can break news at any time.
91	"We"	"can break news at"	"any time"
91	"We"	"can break"	"news at any time"
91	"We"	"can break"	"news"
At least 8 schoolchildren were killed and at least 15 people were wounded when a deranged man burst into an elementary school near Osaka and began stabbing students and teachers with a kitchen knife.
92	"a deranged man"	"burst into"	"an elementary school"
92	"a deranged man"	"burst"	"into an elementary school near Osaka"
92	"at least 15 people"	"were wounded"	"when a deranged man began stabbing students with a kitchen knife"
92	"a deranged man"	"began"	"stabbing students with a kitchen knife"
92	"at least 15 people"	"were wounded"	"when a deranged man began stabbing teachers with a kitchen knife"
92	"at least 15 people"	"were wounded"	"when a deranged man burst into an elementary school near Osaka and began stabbing students and teachers with a kitchen knife"
92	"a deranged man"	"began"	"stabbing students"
92	"a deranged man"	"began"	"stabbing teachers"
92	"a deranged man"	"began stabbing"	"students and teachers"
92	"At least 8 schoolchildren"	"were killed"
92	"a deranged man"	"began"	"stabbing teachers with a kitchen knife"
92	"at least 15 people"	"were wounded"	"when a deranged man burst into an elementary school near Osaka"
92	"a deranged man"	"began"	"stabbing students and teachers"
92	"a deranged man"	"began"	"stabbing students and teachers with a kitchen knife"
Fans paid close attention to the game, and the reason was Marcus Camby.
93	"close attention"	"be paid to"	"the game"
93	"Fans"	"paid"	"close attention to the game"
Russia's eavesdropping station at Lourdes, Cuba, is a cold war jewel: 28 square miles of antennae and computers that message Russian embassies, submarines and spies, and vacuum up U.S. satellite and radio communications.
94	"28 square miles of antennae"	"message"	"Russian embassies"
94	"28 square miles of computers"	"message"	"Russian spies"
94	"28 square miles of antennae and computers"	"vacuum up"	"U.S. satellite and radio communications"
94	"28 square miles of antennae"	"message"	"Russian spies"
94	"Lourdes"	"is"	"a cold war jewel"
94	"28 square miles of antennae and computers"	"message"	"Russian embassies submarines and spies"
94	"28 square miles of computers"	"vacuum up"	"radio communications"
94	"28 square miles of antennae"	"vacuum up"	"radio communications"
94	"28 square miles of computers"	"vacuum up"	"U.S. satellite"
94	"28 square miles of computers"	"message"	"Russian embassies"
94	"Russia 's eavesdropping station"	"is"	"a cold war jewel"
94	"Russia"	"has"	"eavesdropping station at Lourdes Cuba"
94	"28 square miles of antennae"	"message"	"Russian submarines"
94	"28 square miles of computers"	"message"	"Russian submarines"
A report in the Egos & Ids column of Styles of the Times on July 26 omitted the name of Annette Tab ert's co-author for the forthcoming book "The Power of Style."
95	"Annette Tab ert"	"has"	"co-author"
95	"A report in the Egos & Ids column of Styles of the Times on July 26"	"omitted"	"the name of Annette Tab ert 's co-author"
95	"A report"	"omitted"	"the name of Annette Tab ert 's co-author"
95	"A report in the Egos & Ids column of Styles of the Times on July 26"	"omitted"	"the name of Annette Tab ert 's co-author for the forthcoming book The Power of Style"
It was "The Wife of Governor Dufresne."
96	"It"	"was"	"The Wife of Governor Dufresne"
Union officials say they are pleased with the G.H.I. plan and they assert that the main reason they are being asked to pay premiums is that the Oxford plan is costing Barnard $63,000 more than G.H.I.
97	"they"	"are pleased with"	"the G.H.I. plan"
97	"they"	"assert"	"that the main reason is that the Oxford plan is costing Barnard $ 63,000 more than G.H.I."
97	"they"	"are pleased with"	"the G.H.I. plan"	"[attrib=Union officials say]"
97	"the Oxford plan"	"is costing"	"Barnard $ 63,000 more than G.H.I."
97	"they"	"are being asked to pay"	"premiums"
97	"the main reason"	"is"	"that the Oxford plan is costing Barnard $ 63,000 more than G.H.I."
97	"they"	"are pleased"	"with the G.H.I. plan"
He chose not to do that.
98	"He"	"chose not to do"	"that"
98	"He"	"chose"	"not to do that"
The menu, imported from Ben's Deli in Queens, includes matzoh ball soup, corned beef and pastrami sandwiches, chopped liver, kishke and knishes.
99	"The menu imported from Ben 's Deli in Queens"	"includes"	"matzoh ball soup"
99	"The menu imported from Ben 's Deli in Queens"	"includes"	"chopped liver"
99	"The menu"	"be imported"	"from Ben 's Deli in Queens"
99	"The menu imported from Ben 's Deli in Queens"	"includes"	"kishke"
99	"The menu"	"be imported from"	"Ben 's Deli"
99	"The menu imported from Ben 's Deli in Queens"	"includes"	"knishes"
99	"The menu imported from Ben 's Deli in Queens"	"includes"	"matzoh ball soup corned beef and pastrami sandwiches chopped liver kishke and knishes"
Ashcroft said afterward, through Mr. Hilton, that the talk had been "even and businesslike" and that he had made the point that there would be no peace between him and the Governor until the Governor and his fellow Missouri Democrats demonstrated good faith by ending their practice of "hate politics."
100	"his fellow Missouri Democrats"	"demonstrated"	"good faith by ending their practice of hate politics"
100	"the Governor"	"demonstrated"	"good faith by ending their practice of hate politics"
100	"he"	"had made"	"the point"
100	"Ashcroft"	"said"	"through Mr. Hilton that he had made the point that there would be no peace between him and the Governor until the Governor demonstrated good faith by ending their practice of hate politics"
100	"Ashcroft"	"said"	"that the talk had been even and businesslike and that he had made the point that there would be no peace between him and the Governor until the Governor and his fellow Missouri Democrats demonstrated good faith by ending their practice of hate politics"
100	"he"	"had made"	"the point"	"[attrib=Ashcroft said afterward]"
100	"Ashcroft"	"said"	"afterward that he had made the point that there would be no peace between him and the Governor until his fellow Missouri Democrats demonstrated good faith by ending their practice of hate politics"
100	"Ashcroft"	"said"	"through Mr. Hilton that the talk had been even and businesslike and that he had made the point that there would be no peace between him and the Governor until the Governor and his fellow Missouri Democrats demonstrated good faith by ending their practice of hate politics"
100	"the Governor and his fellow Missouri Democrats"	"demonstrated"	"good faith by ending their practice of hate politics"
100	"their"	"has"	"practice of hate politics"
100	"Ashcroft"	"said"	"through Mr. Hilton that he had made the point that there would be no peace between him and the Governor until his fellow Missouri Democrats demonstrated good faith by ending their practice of hate politics"
100	"he"	"had made"	"the point that there would be no peace between him and the Governor until the Governor demonstrated good faith by ending their practice of hate politics"
100	"the Governor"	"demonstrated"	"good faith"
100	"he"	"had made"	"the point that there would be no peace between him and the Governor until the Governor and his fellow Missouri Democrats demonstrated good faith by ending their practice of hate politics"
100	"the Governor and his fellow Missouri Democrats"	"demonstrated"	"good faith"
100	"the talk"	"had been"	"even and businesslike"
100	"he"	"had made"	"the point that there would be no peace between him and the Governor until his fellow Missouri Democrats demonstrated good faith by ending their practice of hate politics"
100	"Ashcroft"	"said"	"that he had made the point that there would be no peace between him and the Governor until the Governor demonstrated good faith by ending their practice of hate politics"
100	"his"	"has"	"fellow Missouri Democrats"
100	"Ashcroft"	"said"	"that he had made the point that there would be no peace between him and the Governor until his fellow Missouri Democrats demonstrated good faith by ending their practice of hate politics"
100	"Ashcroft"	"said"	"afterward that he had made the point that there would be no peace between him and the Governor until the Governor demonstrated good faith by ending their practice of hate politics"
But while it may surprise anyone who has been stung by them, yellow jackets actually have a reason for existing and a place in the universe.
101	"anyone"	"has been stung"	"by them"
101	"yellow jackets"	"have"	"a reason for existing and a place in the universe"
101	"it"	"may surprise"	"anyone who has been stung by them"
101	"yellow jackets"	"have"	"a reason for existing and a place in the universe while it may surprise anyone"
101	"yellow jackets"	"have"	"a reason for existing"
101	"it"	"may surprise"	"anyone"
101	"yellow jackets"	"have"	"a reason for existing and a place in the universe actually"
101	"yellow jackets"	"have"	"a reason for existing actually"
101	"yellow jackets"	"have"	"a reason for existing while it may surprise anyone"
101	"anyone"	"has been stung by"	"them"
Beat in the eggs one at a time.
The line was "That is my last word," not "You can't go to Berlin!"
103	"That"	"is"	"my last word"
103	"You"	"ca n't go"	"to Berlin"
103	"You"	"ca n't go to"	"Berlin"
103	"my"	"has"	"last word"
Most significantly, the new machines will give Sony and other makers of the devices unusual control over the presentation of programming, which could well influence what consumers choose to watch.
104	"the new machines"	"will give"	"Sony unusual control Most significantly"
104	"the new machines"	"will give"	"Sony unusual control over the presentation of programming"
104	"the new machines"	"will give"	"Sony and other makers of the devices unusual control Most significantly"
104	"the new machines"	"will give"	"Sony and other makers of the devices unusual control"
104	"the new machines"	"will give"	"other makers of the devices unusual control"
104	"the new machines"	"will give"	"other makers of the devices unusual control over the presentation of programming"
104	"the new machines"	"will give"	"other makers of the devices unusual control Most significantly"
104	"the new machines"	"will give"	"Sony unusual control"
104	"the new machines"	"will give"	"Sony and other makers of the devices unusual control over the presentation of programming"
104	"consumers"	"choose"	"to watch"
As a medium-sized group of American lawyers and judges and their companions, we were able to interact on a personal basis with a number of Egyptian citizens, tourist personnel, lawyers, judges, storekeepers and families.
105	"we"	"were"	"able to interact on a personal basis with a number of Egyptian citizens tourist personnel lawyers judges storekeepers and families As a medium-sized group of American lawyers and judges and their companions"
105	"their"	"has"	"companions"
105	"we"	"were"	"able to interact on a personal basis As a medium-sized group of American lawyers and judges and their companions"
105	"we"	"were"	"able to interact on a personal basis"
Trust Company's quest for customers among the new rich, included erroneous figures for millionaire households supplied by PSI, a financial services research firm in Tampa, Fla.
106	"PSI"	"be a financial services research firm in"	"Tampa"
106	"PSI"	"is"	"a financial services research firm"
106	"Trust Company 's quest"	"included"	"erroneous figures"
In a sobering speech meant to register with opinion leaders in the international community, the Irish Foreign Minister, Dick Spring, has warned about the peril to the peace process if there is further delay.
107	"the Irish Foreign Minister"	"has warned"	"about the peril to the peace process"
107	"further delay"	"there is"
107	"a sobering speech"	"be meant"	"to register with opinion leaders in the international community"
107	"the Irish Foreign Minister"	"is"	"Dick Spring"
Sharpe said the students were sent to work in the manure, not stand in it.
108	"Sharpe"	"said"	"the students were sent to work in the manure not stand in it"
108	"the students"	"were sent"	"to work not in the manure"
Shown today at 2 and 6 p.m. and tomorrow at 4 and 7 p.m. at the Walter Reade Theater at Lincoln Center, 165 West 65th Street, Manhattan, as part of the 32nd New Directors/New Films series of the Film Society of Lincoln Center and the department of film and media of the Museum of Modern Art.
A table in Business Day on Thursday showing the New York Stock Exchange's uncovered short sales, or "short interest," for the four weeks ended June 15 included an incorrect amount for the Tech-Sym Corporation, provided by the company to the exchange, and misstated the total accordingly.
110	"A table in Business Day on Thursday showing the New York Stock Exchange 's uncovered short sales or short interest for the four weeks ended June 15"	"included"	"an incorrect amount for the Tech-Sym Corporation"
110	"A table in Business Day on Thursday showing the New York Stock Exchange 's uncovered short sales"	"included"	"an incorrect amount for the Tech-Sym Corporation"
110	"the four weeks"	"ended"	"June 15"
110	"A table showing the New York Stock Exchange 's uncovered short sales , or " short interest"	"included"	"an incorrect amount provided by the company to the exchange"
110	"A table in Business Day on Thursday showing the New York Stock Exchange 's uncovered short sales"	"misstated"	"the total accordingly"
110	"A table showing the New York Stock Exchange 's uncovered short sales , or " short interest"	"misstated"	"the total"
110	"A table in Business Day on Thursday showing the New York Stock Exchange 's uncovered short sales or short interest for the four weeks ended June 15"	"included"	"an incorrect amount"
110	"A table in Business Day on Thursday showing the New York Stock Exchange 's uncovered short sales or short interest for the four weeks ended June 15"	"misstated"	"the total"
110	"the New York Stock Exchange"	"has"	"uncovered short sales"
110	"A table in Business Day on Thursday showing the New York Stock Exchange 's uncovered short sales or short interest for the four weeks ended June 15"	"misstated"	"the total accordingly"
110	"A table in Business Day on Thursday showing the New York Stock Exchange 's uncovered short sales"	"misstated"	"the total"
110	"A table in Business Day on Thursday showing the New York Stock Exchange 's uncovered short sales"	"included"	"an incorrect amount"
110	"an incorrect amount"	"be provided by"	"the company"
"She could easily be seen as someone who tries to help the public with a tax cut when she can, but who is also candid enough to level with folks when the state fiscal situation prevents a tax giveback.
111	"the state fiscal situation"	"prevents"	"a tax giveback"
111	"someone"	"tries"	"to help the public with a tax cut"
111	"someone"	"tries"	"to help the public"
111	"someone"	"tries to help"	"the public"
111	"She"	"could easily be seen as"	"someone who tries to help the public with a tax cut when she can , but who is also candid enough to level with folks when the state fiscal situation prevents a tax giveback"
Just before this season began, the baseball commissioner's office suspended him for violating the terms of his after-care program for substance abuse.
112	"his"	"has"	"after-care program for substance abuse"
112	"the baseball commissioner 's office"	"suspended"	"him for violating the terms of his after-care program for substance abuse"
112	"this season"	"began"
112	"the baseball commissioner 's office"	"suspended"	"him Just before this season began"
112	"the baseball commissioner"	"has"	"office"
The songs are driven by short melodic riffs, call-and-response with her backup singers, the combination of djembe (hand drum) and metal scraper and the plunk of the kamalngoni, a harp similar to the kora played by griots.
113	"The songs"	"are driven by"	"short melodic riffs"
113	"The songs"	"are driven"	"by short melodic riffs"
113	"the kamalngoni"	"is"	"a harp similar to the kora played by griots"
113	"The songs"	"are driven"	"by call-and-response with her backup singers"
113	"the kora"	"be played"	"by griots"
113	"her"	"has"	"backup singers"
113	"the kora"	"be played by"	"griots"
113	"The songs"	"are driven"	"by short melodic riffs call-and-response with her backup singers the combination of djembe hand drum and metal scraper and the plunk of the kamalngoni"
Two batters later, Edgardo Alfonzo rapped a two-run double down the third-base line for a 3-0 lead, and Hundley later launched a double to the left-center warning track to make it 4-0.
114	"Edgardo Alfonzo"	"rapped"	"a two-run double for a 3-0 lead"
114	"Hundley"	"launched"	"a double to the left-center warning track to make it 4-0"
114	"Edgardo Alfonzo"	"rapped"	"a two-run double"
114	"Edgardo Alfonzo"	"rapped"	"a two-run double Two batters later"
114	"Hundley"	"launched"	"a double to the left-center warning track to make it 4-0 later"
114	"Edgardo Alfonzo"	"rapped"	"a two-run double down the third-base line"
Tests to detect the use of performance-enhancing drugs like EPO and human-growth hormones are unlikely to be approved for Sydney.
115	"Tests to detect the use of performance-enhancing drugs like human-growth hormones"	"are"	"unlikely to be approved for Sydney"
115	"Tests to detect the use of performance-enhancing drugs like EPO and human-growth hormones"	"are"	"unlikely to be approved for Sydney"
115	"Tests to detect the use of performance-enhancing drugs like EPO"	"are"	"unlikely to be approved for Sydney"
Farrow is trying in Manhattan's Surrogate's Court to void Mr. Allen's adoptions of Moses and Dylan.
116	"Manhattan"	"has"	"Surrogate 's Court"
116	"Farrow"	"is trying"	"in Manhattan 's Surrogate 's Court to void Mr. Allen 's adoptions of Moses and Dylan"
116	"Farrow"	"is trying"	"to void Mr. Allen 's adoptions of Moses"
116	"Farrow"	"is trying"	"in Manhattan 's Surrogate 's Court to void Mr. Allen 's adoptions of Dylan"
116	"Farrow"	"is trying"	"to void Mr. Allen 's adoptions of Moses and Dylan"
116	"Farrow"	"is trying to void"	"Mr. Allen 's adoptions of Moses"
116	"Farrow"	"is trying"	"in Manhattan 's Surrogate 's Court to void Mr. Allen 's adoptions of Moses"
116	"Farrow"	"is trying"	"to void Mr. Allen 's adoptions of Dylan"
116	"Mr. Allen"	"has"	"adoptions of Moses and Dylan"
116	"Mr. Allen"	"has"	"adoptions of Moses"
116	"Mr. Allen"	"has"	"adoptions of Dylan"
Mexican reporters staked out meetings of the board of Dow Jones & Company, where Mr. Salinas is a member, but caught just a brief glimpse of him on the 43d floor of the World Trade Center.
117	"Mexican reporters"	"staked out"	"meetings of the board of Dow Jones & Company where Mr. Salinas is a member"
117	"Mexican reporters"	"caught"	"just a brief glimpse of him on the 43d floor of the World Trade Center"
117	"Mr. Salinas"	"is"	"a member"
117	"Mexican reporters"	"staked out"	"meetings of the board of Dow Jones & Company"
In October, the university's Electronic Music Center will put the finishing touches on an ambitious surround-sound speaker installation.
118	"the university 's Electronic Music Center"	"will put the finishing touches on"	"an ambitious surround-sound speaker installation"
118	"the university 's Electronic Music Center"	"will put"	"the finishing touches on an ambitious surround-sound speaker installation"
118	"the university 's Electronic Music Center"	"will put"	"the finishing touches on an ambitious surround-sound speaker installation In October"
118	"the finishing touches"	"will be put on"	"an ambitious surround-sound speaker installation"
118	"the university"	"has"	"Electronic Music Center"
Addictions should not be called habits, Dr. Cahan said.
119	"Addictions"	"should not be called"	"habits"
119	"Dr. Cahan"	"said"	"Addictions should not be called habits"
119	"Addictions"	"should not be called"	"habits"	"[attrib=Dr. Cahan said]"
The International Business Machines Corporation said it signed an agreement to provide more than $100 million worth of computer hardware and software to what will be the world's largest computerized travel reservation system.
120	"the world"	"has"	"largest computerized travel reservation system"
120	"it"	"signed"	"an agreement to provide more than $ 100 million worth of computer hardware and software to what will be the world 's largest computerized travel reservation system"	"[attrib=The International Business Machines Corporation said]"
120	"it"	"signed"	"an agreement to provide more than $ 100 million worth of computer hardware and software to what will be the world 's largest computerized travel reservation system"
120	"The International Business Machines Corporation"	"said"	"it signed an agreement to provide more than $ 100 million worth of computer hardware and software to what will be the world 's largest computerized travel reservation system"
The director of the Center for Mathematical Sciences Research at Rutgers University, Dr. Joel Lebowitz, will receive the Dalmar S. Fahrney Medal from the Franklin Institute in Philadelphia in May.
121	"The director of the Center for Mathematical Sciences Research at Rutgers University"	"will receive"	"the Dalmar S. Fahrney Medal from the Franklin Institute in May"
121	"The director of the Center for Mathematical Sciences Research at Rutgers University"	"will receive"	"the Dalmar S. Fahrney Medal from the Franklin Institute in Philadelphia"
121	"The director of the Center for Mathematical Sciences Research at Rutgers University"	"will receive"	"the Dalmar S. Fahrney Medal from the Franklin Institute"
121	"the Dalmar S. Fahrney Medal"	"will be receive from"	"the Franklin Institute"
Two independent journalists went on trial today accused of defaming President Franjo Tudjman in a case that has helped sour Croatia's relations with Western Europe.
122	"a case"	"has helped"	"sour Croatia 's relations with Western Europe"
122	"Two independent journalists"	"went on"	"trial today"
122	"a case"	"has helped"	"sour Croatia 's relations"
The chief executive, Sir Colin Marshall, will take a similar cut, putting his pay at around $540,000.
123	"The chief executive"	"will take"	"a similar cut putting his pay at around $ 540,000"
123	"The chief executive"	"be putting"	"his pay at around $ 540,000"
123	"The chief executive"	"is"	"Sir Colin Marshall"
123	"The chief executive"	"will take"	"a similar cut"
123	"his"	"has"	"pay"
Annually, some 600 miles of municipal roads are expected to deteriorate.
124	"some 600 miles of municipal roads"	"are expected"	"to deteriorate Annually"
124	"some 600 miles of municipal roads"	"are expected"	"to deteriorate"
Rather than resort to the usual bunker mentality, he tried a more practical approach.
125	"he"	"tried"	"a more practical approach"	"[enabler=Rather than resort to the usual bunker mentality]"
125	"he"	"tried"	"a more practical approach Rather than resort to the usual bunker mentality"
So far, Mr. Ginty has elicited praise from conservatives like Steven Lonegan, who ran for governor last year.
126	"Mr. Ginty"	"has elicited"	"praise So far"
126	"Mr. Ginty"	"has elicited"	"praise from conservatives like Steven Lonegan"
126	"Steven Lonegan"	"ran"	"for governor"
126	"Steven Lonegan"	"ran for"	"governor"
126	"Mr. Ginty"	"has elicited"	"praise"
126	"Steven Lonegan"	"ran"	"for governor last year"
The club is tearing up the turf field and replacing it with grass.
127	"it"	"be replacing with"	"grass"
127	"The club"	"is tearing up"	"the turf field"
127	"The club"	"is replacing"	"it with grass"
127	"The club"	"is replacing"	"it"
He plans to give the diploma to his mother, to hang in their Brooklyn home.
128	"their"	"has"	"Brooklyn home"
128	"his"	"has"	"mother"
128	"He"	"plans"	"to give the diploma to his mother to hang in their Brooklyn home"
I have also learned that lice plan their arrival to maximize household stress.
129	"I"	"have learned"	"that lice plan their arrival to maximize household stress also"
129	"lice"	"plan"	"their arrival to maximize household stress"
129	"I"	"have learned"	"that lice plan their arrival to maximize household stress"
Mr. Riley's numbers did not change.
130	"Mr. Riley 's numbers"	"did not change"
130	"Mr. Riley"	"has"	"numbers"
Miss Collins is immutably Miss Collins.
131	"Miss Collins"	"is immutably"	"Miss Collins"
131	"Miss Collins"	"is"	"Miss Collins immutably"
131	"Miss Collins"	"is"	"Miss Collins"
IT was graduation night at the Ophelia DeVore School of Charm.
132	"IT"	"was"	"graduation night"
132	"IT"	"was"	"graduation night at the Ophelia DeVore School of Charm"
The market wants to do better, said Gregory Bundy, head of equity trading at Merrill Lynch Japan Inc.
133	"Gregory Bundy"	"be head of"	"equity trading"
133	"Gregory Bundy"	"said"	"The market wants to do better"
133	"The market"	"wants"	"to do better"
133	"Gregory Bundy"	"is"	"head of equity trading at Merrill Lynch Japan Inc."
Last month we saw an American patient who had been to five gynecologists before the last one said there is this procedure and referred her to us.
134	"her"	"be referred to"	"us"
134	"we"	"saw"	"an American patient Last month"
134	"an American patient"	"had been to"	"five gynecologists"
134	"the last one"	"said"	"there is this procedure"
134	"an American patient"	"had been"	"to five gynecologists before the last one said there is this procedure"
134	"this procedure"	"there is"
134	"an American patient"	"had been"	"to five gynecologists"
A senior American diplomat added, "We couldn't tolerate a treaty ally buying a Russian jet."
135	"A senior American diplomat"	"added"	"We could n't tolerate a treaty ally buying a Russian jet"
135	"We"	"could n't tolerate"	"a treaty ally buying a Russian jet"	"[attrib=A senior American diplomat added]"
135	"We"	"could n't tolerate"	"a treaty ally"
135	"We"	"could n't tolerate"	"a treaty ally buying a Russian jet"
Bonilla gave chase, but hesitated as he reached the wall, allowing the ball to drop.
136	"he"	"be allowing"	"the ball to drop"
136	"Bonilla"	"hesitated"	"as he reached the wall allowing the ball to drop"
A day after strong winds stirred up the Hauraki Gulf and broke the mast of Team New Zealand, a lack of wind caused Race 5 of the America's Cup to be abandoned today.
137	"a lack of wind"	"caused"	"Race 5 of the America 's Cup to be abandoned today A day after strong winds stirred up the Hauraki Gulf"
137	"a lack of wind"	"caused"	"Race 5 of the America 's Cup to be abandoned today A day after strong winds broke the mast of Team New Zealand"
137	"strong winds"	"stirred up"	"the Hauraki Gulf"
137	"strong winds"	"broke"	"the mast of Team New Zealand"
137	"a lack of wind"	"caused"	"Race 5 of the America 's Cup to be abandoned today"
137	"a lack of wind"	"caused"	"Race 5 of the America 's Cup to be abandoned today A day after strong winds stirred up the Hauraki Gulf and broke the mast of Team New Zealand"
Reno's supporters said today's decision demonstrated her willingness to go outside the Justice Department to investigate a high-ranking Clinton official when the facts justified it.
138	"today 's decision"	"demonstrated"	"her willingness to go outside the Justice Department to investigate a high-ranking Clinton official when the facts justified it"	"[attrib=Reno 's supporters said]"
138	"her"	"has"	"willingness to go outside the Justice Department to investigate a high-ranking Clinton official when the facts justified it"
138	"today 's decision"	"demonstrated"	"her willingness to go outside the Justice Department to investigate a high-ranking Clinton official when the facts justified it"
138	"Reno"	"has"	"supporters"
138	"Reno 's supporters"	"said"	"today 's decision demonstrated her willingness to go outside the Justice Department to investigate a high-ranking Clinton official when the facts justified it"
The Xbox looks better (next to a TV set).
139	"The Xbox"	"looks"	"better next to a TV set"
Mr. Lemelson was an independent inventor who was granted more than 500 patents during his lifetime and whose estate continues to receive patents based on applications he submitted before he died five years ago.
140	"he"	"died"	"five years ago"
140	"Mr. Lemelson"	"was"	"an independent inventor"
140	"his"	"has"	"lifetime"
140	"an independent inventor"	"was granted"	"more than 500 patents during his lifetime"
140	"he"	"died"
140	"he"	"submitted"	"applications"
140	"estate"	"continues"	"to receive patents"
140	"an independent inventor"	"was granted more than"	"500 patents"
140	"patents"	"be based on"	"applications he submitted before he died five years ago"
140	"estate"	"continues"	"to receive patents based on applications"
140	"an independent inventor"	"was granted"	"more than 500 patents"
140	"Mr. Lemelson"	"was"	"an independent inventor who was granted more than 500 patents during his lifetime and whose estate continues to receive patents"
He was John Dickinson, not Dickenson.
141	"He"	"was"	"John Dickinson"
Every gray leather seat is taken.
Then he elevates himself off the ground to escape the ball that becomes a game-tying wild pitch.
143	"he"	"elevates"	"himself off the ground to escape the ball"
The Federal Home Loan Bank Board last week provided reassurances to securities dealers holding certain futures and options contracts with the American Savings and Loan Association, the nation's largest savings institution.
144	"the nation"	"has"	"largest savings institution"
144	"The Federal Home Loan Bank Board"	"provided reassurances to"	"securities dealers holding certain futures and options contracts with the American Savings and Loan Association , the nation 's largest savings institution"
144	"the American Savings and Loan Association"	"is"	"the nation 's largest savings institution"
144	"reassurances"	"be provided to"	"securities dealers holding certain futures and options contracts with the American Savings and Loan Association , the nation 's largest savings institution"
As at all the parties, the guests in strapless gowns and gleaming tuxedos were lining up at cash bars for drinks and at a photo op where they could be snapped in front of an inaugural seal -- not all that different from a high school prom photograph.
145	"the guests in strapless gowns"	"were lining up"	"at a photo op where they could be snapped in front of an inaugural seal"
145	"they"	"could be snapped in"	"front of an inaugural seal"
145	"the guests"	"were lining up at"	"cash bars"
145	"the guests in gleaming tuxedos"	"were lining up"	"at cash bars for drinks As at all the parties"
145	"they"	"could be snapped"	"in front of an inaugural seal"
145	"the guests in gleaming tuxedos"	"were lining up"	"at cash bars for drinks"
145	"the guests in strapless gowns"	"were lining up"	"at cash bars for drinks"
145	"the guests in strapless gowns and gleaming tuxedos"	"were lining up"	"at cash bars for drinks and at a photo op"
145	"the guests in gleaming tuxedos"	"were lining up"	"at a photo op where they could be snapped in front of an inaugural seal"
145	"the guests in gleaming tuxedos"	"were lining up"	"at a photo op As at all the parties"
145	"the guests in strapless gowns and gleaming tuxedos"	"were lining up"	"at cash bars for drinks and at a photo op where they could be snapped in front of an inaugural seal"
145	"the guests in strapless gowns and gleaming tuxedos"	"were lining up"	"at cash bars for drinks and at a photo op As at all the parties"
145	"the guests in gleaming tuxedos"	"were lining up"	"at a photo op"
145	"the guests in strapless gowns"	"were lining up"	"at a photo op As at all the parties"
145	"the guests in strapless gowns"	"were lining up"	"at cash bars for drinks As at all the parties"
145	"the guests in strapless gowns"	"were lining up"	"at a photo op"
Governor Florio proposed an ethics package that would give New Jersey some of the nation's most stringent rules for lawmakers and senior government appointees.
146	"the nation"	"has"	"most stringent rules"
146	"Governor Florio"	"proposed"	"an ethics package that would give New Jersey some of the nation 's most stringent rules for lawmakers and senior government appointees"
146	"an ethics package"	"would give"	"New Jersey some of the nation 's most stringent rules for senior government appointees"
146	"an ethics package"	"would give"	"New Jersey some of the nation 's most stringent rules for lawmakers"
146	"an ethics package"	"would give"	"New Jersey some of the nation 's most stringent rules"
146	"an ethics package"	"would give"	"New Jersey some of the nation 's most stringent rules for lawmakers and senior government appointees"
This makes it more difficult to find delicate and crisp wines in the 10.5 percent to 12 percent range.
147	"This"	"makes"	"it difficult to find delicate wines in the 10.5 percent to 12 percent range more"
147	"This"	"makes"	"it difficult to find crisp wines in the 10.5 percent to 12 percent range more"
147	"This"	"makes"	"it difficult to find crisp wines in the 10.5 percent to 12 percent range"
147	"This"	"makes"	"it difficult to find delicate and crisp wines in the 10.5 percent to 12 percent range more"
147	"This"	"makes"	"it difficult to find delicate and crisp wines in the 10.5 percent to 12 percent range"
147	"This"	"makes"	"it difficult to find delicate wines in the 10.5 percent to 12 percent range"
On Fridays and Saturdays (the only nights it is open), every inch of that floor is rocking with people who are mostly from uptown -- specifically, the Upper East Side.
148	"it"	"is"	"open"
148	"every inch of that floor"	"is rocking"	"with people"
148	"every inch of that floor"	"is rocking with"	"people"
148	"people"	"are mostly from"	"uptown"
148	"every inch of that floor"	"is rocking"	"with people On Fridays and Saturdays the only nights"
148	"people"	"are from"	"uptown"
Leopold complained about this approach in the 1940's, saying the landowner had "an obligation to manage his land in the interest of the community, as well as in his own interest.
149	"Leopold"	"complained about"	"this approach"
149	"the landowner"	"had"	"an obligation to manage his land in the interest of the community"
149	"Leopold"	"complained in"	"1940"
149	"his"	"has"	"land"
149	"Leopold"	"complained"	"in the 1940 's saying the landowner had an obligation to manage his land in his own interest"
149	"Leopold"	"complained"	"about this approach saying the landowner had an obligation to manage his land in the interest of the community as well as in his own interest"
149	"Leopold"	"complained"	"saying the landowner had an obligation to manage his land in the interest of the community as well as in his own interest"
149	"Leopold"	"complained"	"about this approach saying the landowner had an obligation to manage his land in the interest of the community"
149	"the landowner"	"had"	"an obligation to manage his land in the interest of the community as well as in his own interest"
149	"Leopold"	"complained"	"about this approach saying the landowner had an obligation to manage his land in his own interest"
149	"Leopold"	"complained"	"in the 1940 's saying the landowner had an obligation to manage his land in the interest of the community as well as in his own interest"
149	"his"	"has"	"own interest"
149	"the landowner"	"had"	"an obligation to manage his land in his own interest"
149	"Leopold"	"complained"	"saying the landowner had an obligation to manage his land in the interest of the community"
149	"Leopold"	"complained"	"saying the landowner had an obligation to manage his land in his own interest"
149	"Leopold"	"complained"	"in the 1940 's saying the landowner had an obligation to manage his land in the interest of the community"
A 19th-century Chinese portrait and a Kenneth Noland painting of a bull's-eye dominate the living room, drawing the eye in both vertical and horizontal directions.
150	"A 19th-century Chinese portrait"	"dominate"	"the living room drawing the eye in horizontal directions"
150	"A 19th-century Chinese portrait and a Kenneth Noland painting of a bull 's eye"	"be drawing"	"the eye in both vertical and horizontal directions"
150	"a Kenneth Noland painting of a bull 's eye"	"dominate"	"the living room drawing the eye in horizontal directions"
150	"a bull"	"has"	"eye"
150	"the eye"	"be drawing in"	"vertical and horizontal directions"
150	"A 19th-century Chinese portrait"	"dominate"	"the living room"
150	"A 19th-century Chinese portrait"	"be drawing"	"the eye in horizontal directions"
150	"A 19th-century Chinese portrait and a Kenneth Noland painting of a bull"	"dominate"	"the living room"
150	"A 19th-century Chinese portrait"	"be drawing"	"the eye in vertical directions"
150	"A 19th-century Chinese portrait"	"dominate"	"the living room drawing the eye in vertical directions"
150	"a Kenneth Noland painting of a bull 's eye"	"be drawing"	"the eye in vertical directions"
150	"A 19th-century Chinese portrait and a Kenneth Noland painting of a bull 's eye"	"dominate"	"the living room"
150	"a Kenneth Noland painting of a bull 's eye"	"dominate"	"the living room"
150	"a Kenneth Noland painting of a bull 's eye"	"dominate"	"the living room drawing the eye in vertical directions"
150	"A 19th-century Chinese portrait and a Kenneth Noland painting of a bull 's eye"	"dominate"	"the living room drawing the eye in both vertical and horizontal directions"
150	"a Kenneth Noland painting of a bull 's eye"	"be drawing"	"the eye in horizontal directions"
"Feeders and Eaters," which opens with its narrator stranded late at night in the wrong part of town, is not particularly concerned with this character's trajectory, but with the story of an old acquaintance he meets at a squalid cafe, and the insatiably hungry woman his shadowy friend keeps at home.
151	"its narrator"	"stranded late in"	"the wrong part of town"
151	"its narrator"	"stranded late at"	"night"
151	"this character"	"has"	"trajectory"
151	"his"	"has"	"shadowy friend"
Mr. Kerik first came to know Mr. Giuliani when he provided security during his second mayoral campaign.
152	"Mr. Kerik"	"came"	"to know Mr. Giuliani when he provided security during his second mayoral campaign first"
152	"Mr. Kerik"	"came"	"to know Mr. Giuliani when he provided security during his second mayoral campaign"
152	"he"	"provided security during"	"his second mayoral campaign"
152	"he"	"provided"	"security during his second mayoral campaign"
152	"Mr. Kerik"	"first came to know"	"Mr. Giuliani"	"[enabler=when he provided security during his second mayoral campaign]"
152	"security"	"be provided during"	"his second mayoral campaign"
152	"his"	"has"	"second mayoral campaign"
152	"Mr. Kerik"	"first came to know"	"Mr. Giuliani"
Targets in Kosovo province also came under sustained pounding, Serbian media said.
153	"Targets in Kosovo province"	"came"	"under sustained pounding also"
153	"Serbian media"	"said"	"Targets in Kosovo province also came under sustained pounding"
153	"Targets in Kosovo province"	"came"	"under sustained pounding"
The statue stands 56 feet tall and was placed atop Red Mountain in 1936.
154	"The statue"	"stands"	"56 feet tall"
154	"The statue"	"was placed"	"atop Red Mountain in 1936"
Otherwise, she could receive up to 25 years in prison.
155	"she"	"could receive up to"	"25 years"
155	"she"	"could receive up"	"to 25 years in prison Otherwise"
155	"she"	"could receive up"	"to 25 years in prison"
The Yankees had erased an early 4-0 deficit and tied the game in the top of the ninth when Roberto Kelly smashed a two-run homer off the nearly invincible Gregg Olson.
156	"The Yankees"	"tied"	"the game"	"[enabler=when Roberto Kelly smashed a two-run homer off the nearly invincible Gregg Olson]"
156	"The Yankees"	"had erased"	"an early 4-0 deficit"
156	"The Yankees"	"had tied"	"the game in the top of the ninth when Roberto Kelly smashed a two-run homer off the nearly invincible Gregg Olson"
156	"The Yankees"	"had tied"	"the game in the top of the ninth"
156	"Roberto Kelly"	"smashed"	"a two-run homer off the nearly invincible Gregg Olson"
The United States has talked tough on trade during eight months of negotiations, but Japan has called its bluff and has yielded virtually nothing.
157	"Japan"	"has called"	"its bluff"
157	"The United States"	"has talked during"	"eight months of negotiations"
157	"The United States"	"has talked"	"tough on trade"
157	"The United States"	"has talked"	"tough on trade during eight months of negotiations"
157	"The United States"	"has talked on"	"trade"
157	"its"	"has"	"bluff"
The day after the Bulls' Dennis Rodman suggested that they were "yellow" in Tuesday's night's loss to Chicago, the Knicks laughed it off as Rodman merely being Rodman.
158	"the Knicks"	"laughed it off as"	"Rodman merely being Rodman"	"[enabler=after the Bulls ' Dennis Rodman suggested that they were "yellow " in Tuesday 's night 's loss to Chicago]"
158	"they"	"were"	"yellow"
158	"the Bulls"	"has"	"Dennis Rodman"
158	"the Knicks"	"laughed off"	"it"	"[enabler=after the Bulls ' Dennis Rodman suggested that they were "yellow " in Tuesday 's night 's loss to Chicago]"
158	"they"	"were"	"yellow in Tuesday 's night 's loss to Chicago"
158	"the Bulls Dennis Rodman"	"suggested"	"that they were yellow in Tuesday 's night 's loss to Chicago"
158	"the Knicks"	"laughed"	"it off as Rodman being Rodman"
158	"they"	"were"	""yellow"
Unlike the Rangers, that is one commodity Steinbrenner doesn't seem bent on buying, no matter how good the price.
159	"that"	"is"	"one commodity"
They maintain that this "negligent distribution" makes the companies collectively liable for the shootings in the case -- even if it cannot be proven which company's gun was used in a given shooting -- an argument that legal experts term novel in gun litigation.
160	"it"	"can not be proven"	"which company 's gun was used in a given shooting"
160	"the companies"	"be collectively liable for"	"the shootings"
160	"company"	"has"	"gun"
The Russian Parliament voted Wednesday to contribute only 23.4 billion rubles for the coming year, less than a 10th of the total budget for the year.
161	"The Russian Parliament"	"voted to contribute"	"only 23.4 billion rubles"
161	"The Russian Parliament"	"voted"	"Wednesday to contribute only 23.4 billion rubles for the coming year"
161	"The Russian Parliament"	"voted"	"Wednesday to contribute only 23.4 billion rubles for the coming year less than a 10th of the total budget for the year"
161	"The Russian Parliament"	"voted"	"to contribute only 23.4 billion rubles for the coming year less than a 10th of the total budget for the year"
161	"The Russian Parliament"	"voted"	"to contribute only 23.4 billion rubles for the coming year"
Tierney Finn, an actress, and Mark Fitzmartin, a television commercial producer for Fernbach Productions in New York, both graduates of New York University's Tisch School of the Arts, were married yesterday in Holy Trinity Chapel at N.Y.U.
162	"both graduates of New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts"	"were married"	"yesterday in Holy Trinity Chapel at N.Y.U."
162	"New York University"	"has"	"Tisch School of the Arts"
162	"Mark Fitzmartin"	"were married"	"yesterday"
162	"both graduates of New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts"	"were married"	"yesterday"
162	"Tierney Finn"	"were married"	"yesterday in Holy Trinity Chapel at N.Y.U."
162	"Tierney Finn , an actress , and Mark Fitzmartin"	"were married in"	"Holy Trinity Chapel"
162	"Tierney Finn an actress and Mark Fitzmartin a television commercial producer for Fernbach Productions in New York both graduates of New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts"	"were married"	"yesterday in Holy Trinity Chapel at N.Y.U."
162	"Mark Fitzmartin"	"were married"	"yesterday in Holy Trinity Chapel at N.Y.U."
162	"a television commercial producer for Fernbach Productions in New York"	"were married"	"yesterday"
162	"Tierney Finn , an actress , and Mark Fitzmartin"	"were married at"	"N.Y."
162	"an actress"	"were married"	"yesterday in Holy Trinity Chapel at N.Y.U."
162	"an actress"	"were married"	"yesterday"
162	"Tierney Finn"	"were married"	"yesterday"
162	"a television commercial producer for Fernbach Productions in New York"	"were married"	"yesterday in Holy Trinity Chapel at N.Y.U."
Jesse Jackson and one of his campaign fund-raisers misstated the history of Mr. Jackson's requests for permission to visit South Africa.
163	"his campaign fund-raisers"	"misstated the history of"	"Mr. Jackson 's requests"
163	"his"	"has"	"campaign fund-raisers"
163	"Jesse Jackson and one of his campaign fund-raisers"	"misstated"	"the history of Mr. Jackson 's requests for permission to visit South Africa"
163	"Jesse Jackson"	"misstated"	"the history of Mr. Jackson 's requests to visit South Africa"
163	"Jesse Jackson and one of his campaign fund-raisers"	"misstated"	"the history of Mr. Jackson 's requests to visit South Africa"
163	"Jesse Jackson"	"misstated"	"the history of Mr. Jackson 's requests for permission to visit South Africa"
163	"Mr. Jackson"	"has"	"requests"
163	"one of his campaign fund-raisers"	"misstated"	"the history of Mr. Jackson 's requests for permission to visit South Africa"
163	"one of his campaign fund-raisers"	"misstated"	"the history of Mr. Jackson 's requests to visit South Africa"
I'm tickled to death that he's coming back because he should be back.
164	"he"	"should be"	"back"
164	"I"	"'m tickled"	"to death that he 's coming back because he should be back"
164	"he"	"'s coming back"	"because he should be back"
Many Schubert admirers I know, however, would be ecstatic to learn that their idol was a fellow homosexual, who acted on his sexuality with joy and pride.
165	"Many Schubert admirers"	"would be"	"ecstatic to learn that their idol was a fellow homosexual however"
165	"Many Schubert admirers"	"would be"	"ecstatic to learn that their idol was a fellow homosexual"
165	"I"	"know"	"Many Schubert admirers"
165	"their"	"has"	"idol"
165	"his"	"has"	"sexuality"
165	"their idol"	"was"	"a fellow homosexual"
165	"their idol"	"was"	"a fellow homosexual who acted on his sexuality with joy and pride"
He graduated summa cum laude from the University of California, Los Angeles.
166	"He"	"graduated"	"summa cum laude from the University of California Angeles"
166	"He"	"graduated summa cum laude from"	"the University of California"
He washed dishes and chopped vegetables for a year before getting a scholarship to attend the State University of New York at Oneonta.
167	"He"	"washed"	"dishes and chopped vegetables for a year"
167	"dishes and chopped vegetables"	"be washed for"	"a year"
167	"He"	"washed"	"dishes and chopped vegetables before getting a scholarship to attend the State University of New York at Oneonta"
167	"He"	"washed"	"dishes before getting a scholarship to attend the State University of New York at Oneonta"
167	"He"	"washed dishes for"	"a year"
167	"He"	"washed"	"dishes and chopped vegetables"
167	"He"	"washed"	"dishes for a year"
She was a continuing source of love, kindness and generosity who never failed to nurture her adoring family.
168	"She"	"was"	"a continuing source of kindness"
168	"She"	"was"	"a continuing source of generosity"
168	"She"	"was"	"a continuing source of love"
168	"her"	"has"	"adoring family"
168	"She"	"was"	"a continuing source of love kindness and generosity"
168	"She"	"was a continuing source of"	"love , kindness and generosity"
There is a mind-bending illogic behind the Bush administration's decision yesterday to withhold $34 million from the United Nations Population Fund, which is working in China despite continued practices there of coerced abortion and sterilization.
169	"the United Nations Population Fund"	"is working in"	"China"
169	"a mind-bending illogic behind the Bush administration 's decision yesterday to withhold $ 34 million from the United Nations Population Fund"	"There is"
In 1954, the committee presented a $100 million improvement plan and obtained legislation to set up a nondividend paying corporation to borrow the funds to create a new Aqueduct and to improve Belmont and Saratoga race tracks.
170	"a $ 100 million improvement plan"	"be presented in"	"1954"
170	"the committee"	"obtained"	"legislation to set up a nondividend paying corporation to borrow the funds to create a new Aqueduct and to improve Belmont and Saratoga race tracks"
170	"the committee"	"obtained"	"legislation to set up a nondividend paying corporation to borrow the funds to improve Belmont race tracks"
170	"the committee"	"obtained"	"legislation to set up a nondividend paying corporation to borrow the funds to create a new Aqueduct"
170	"the committee"	"obtained"	"legislation to set up a nondividend paying corporation to borrow the funds to create a new Aqueduct and to improve Belmont and Saratoga race tracks In 1954"
170	"the committee"	"obtained"	"legislation to set up a nondividend paying corporation to borrow the funds to improve Saratoga race tracks"
170	"the committee"	"presented"	"a $ 100 million improvement plan In 1954"
170	"the committee"	"obtained"	"legislation to set up a nondividend paying corporation to borrow the funds to improve Saratoga race tracks In 1954"
170	"the committee"	"obtained"	"legislation to set up a nondividend paying corporation to borrow the funds to create a new Aqueduct In 1954"
170	"the committee"	"obtained"	"legislation to set up a nondividend paying corporation to borrow the funds to improve Belmont race tracks In 1954"
She is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Francis T. Doyen of Fishers Island.
171	"She"	"is"	"a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Francis T. Doyen of Fishers Island"
171	"She"	"is"	"a daughter"
171	"She"	"is a daughter of"	"Mr. and Mrs. Francis T. Doyen of Fishers Island"
The Roman Catholic Church denied Tuesday that it was sheltering a top Croatian war crimes suspect, after an allegation by a United Nations prosecutor that the suspect was hiding in a monastery and that the Vatican had refused pleas to help find him.
172	"The Roman Catholic Church"	"denied"	"Tuesday that it was sheltering a top Croatian war crimes suspect after an allegation by a United Nations prosecutor that the suspect was hiding in a monastery"
172	"The Roman Catholic Church"	"denied"	"Tuesday that it was sheltering a top Croatian war crimes suspect after an allegation by a United Nations prosecutor that the suspect was hiding in a monastery and that the Vatican had refused pleas to help find him"
172	"the Vatican"	"had refused"	"pleas to help find him"
172	"The Roman Catholic Church"	"denied"	"that it was sheltering a top Croatian war crimes suspect after an allegation by a United Nations prosecutor that the suspect was hiding in a monastery and that the Vatican had refused pleas to help find him"
172	"The Roman Catholic Church"	"denied"	"that it was sheltering a top Croatian war crimes suspect after an allegation by a United Nations prosecutor that the suspect was hiding in a monastery"
172	"the suspect"	"was hiding in"	"a monastery"
172	"the suspect"	"was hiding"	"in a monastery"
While the Christmas-New Year's season is always a slack time for most lines of work, it's even more so when the holidays break two consecutive normal weeks into four discombobulating two-day weeks.
173	"the holidays"	"break"	"two consecutive normal weeks into four discombobulating two-day weeks"
173	"the Christmas-New Year 's season"	"is"	"a slack time"
173	"the Christmas-New Year 's season"	"is always"	"a slack time"
173	"it"	"'s"	"even more so when the holidays break two consecutive normal weeks into four discombobulating two-day weeks While the Christmas-New Year 's season is always a slack time for most lines of work"
173	"the Christmas-New Year 's season"	"is"	"a slack time always"
173	"the Christmas-New Year 's season"	"is"	"a slack time for most lines of work"
173	"it"	"'s"	"even more so when the holidays break two consecutive normal weeks into four discombobulating two-day weeks"
Then another musical selection served as a prelude to scenes from a comic dance-drama in the folk style.
174	"another musical selection"	"served as"	"a prelude"
174	"another musical selection"	"served"	"as a prelude to scenes from a comic dance-drama in the folk style"
174	"another musical selection"	"served"	"as a prelude to scenes"
Divertimento" from "Le Baiser de la Fee," presented by the New York City Ballet on Wednesday night at the New York State Theater, is one of George Balanchine's odder ballets.
175	"George Balanchine"	"has"	"odder ballets"
175	"one of George Balanchine 's odder ballets"	"is"	"Divertimento from Le Baiser de la Fee presented by the New York City Ballet on Wednesday night at the New York State Theater"
The consortium, called CityLink Telecommunications Ltd., has pledged to invest $568 million to upgrade the telecommunication capabilities of the subway system, which is being overhauled, and maintain it for 20 years.
176	"The consortium"	"be called"	"CityLink Telecommunications Ltd."
176	"The consortium called CityLink Telecommunications Ltd."	"has pledged"	"to invest $ 568 million to maintain it for 20 years"
176	"it"	"be maintain for"	"20 years"
176	"the subway system"	"is being overhauled"
176	"The consortium called CityLink Telecommunications Ltd."	"has pledged"	"to invest $ 568 million to upgrade the telecommunication capabilities of the subway system"
176	"The consortium called CityLink Telecommunications Ltd."	"has pledged"	"to invest $ 568 million to maintain it"
Today's bet is that the promise of sending British or German or American troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy will not only make that unnecessary but will also help to entrench democracy and a free market system in Eastern Europe.
177	"the promise of sending American troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will not make"	"that unnecessary only"
177	"Today 's bet"	"is"	"that the promise of sending German troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy will not only make that unnecessary but will also help to entrench democracy and a free market system in Eastern Europe"
177	"the promise of sending German troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will help"	"to entrench a free market system in Eastern Europe also"
177	"the promise of sending American troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will help"	"to entrench a free market system also"
177	"the promise of sending German troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will help"	"to entrench democracy also"
177	"the promise of sending British or German or American troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will not make"	"that unnecessary only"
177	"Warsaw or Prague"	"to be defend against"	"an unnamed enemy"
177	"the promise of sending American troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will help"	"to entrench democracy in Eastern Europe"
177	"the promise of sending German troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will help"	"to entrench democracy in Eastern Europe"
177	"the promise of sending German troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will not make"	"that unnecessary only"
177	"the promise of sending British or German or American troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will help"	"to entrench democracy and a free market system"
177	"the promise of sending British or German or American troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will help"	"to entrench democracy and a free market system in Eastern Europe"
177	"the promise of sending German troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will help"	"to entrench democracy in Eastern Europe also"
177	"the promise of sending American troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will help"	"to entrench a free market system"
177	"the promise of sending American troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will help"	"to entrench a free market system in Eastern Europe also"
177	"the promise of sending German troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will help"	"to entrench democracy"
177	"the promise of sending British or German or American troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will help"	"to entrench democracy and a free market system also"
177	"Today 's bet"	"is"	"that the promise of sending British or German or American troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy will not only make that unnecessary but will also help to entrench democracy and a free market system in Eastern Europe"
177	"the promise of sending British or German or American troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will help"	"to entrench democracy and a free market system in Eastern Europe also"
177	"the promise of sending American troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will help"	"to entrench democracy in Eastern Europe also"
177	"the promise of sending German troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will help"	"to entrench a free market system"
177	"Today 's bet"	"is"	"that the promise of sending American troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy will not only make that unnecessary but will also help to entrench democracy and a free market system in Eastern Europe"
177	"the promise of sending American troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will help"	"to entrench democracy"
177	"the promise of sending German troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will help"	"to entrench a free market system in Eastern Europe"
177	"the promise of sending American troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will help"	"to entrench a free market system in Eastern Europe"
177	"democracy and a free market system"	"to be entrench in"	"Eastern Europe"
177	"the promise of sending German troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will help"	"to entrench a free market system also"
177	"the promise of sending American troops to defend Warsaw or Prague against an unnamed enemy"	"will help"	"to entrench democracy also"
It may seem as if she did not need the training, but it is already paying off.
178	"she"	"did not need"	"the training"
178	"it"	"is paying off"	"already"
178	"it"	"is paying off"
178	"It"	"may seem"	"as if she did not need the training"
His staging has a touch of Broadway corn, with six choreographed female dancers.
179	"His staging"	"has"	"a touch of Broadway corn with six choreographed female dancers"
179	"His staging"	"has a touch of"	"Broadway corn"
179	"His staging"	"has"	"a touch of Broadway corn"
Nightmarish Soviet-style bureaucratic controls remain, like needing a special government permit to buy a delivery van.
180	"Nightmarish Soviet-style bureaucratic controls"	"remain"	"like needing a special government permit to buy a delivery van"
The Daisy Systems Corporation said today that some of its bondholders had filed a petition for involuntary bankruptcy against the computer company.
181	"The Daisy Systems Corporation"	"said"	"today that some of its bondholders had filed a petition for involuntary bankruptcy against the computer company"
181	"some of its bondholders"	"had filed"	"a petition for involuntary bankruptcy"
181	"The Daisy Systems Corporation"	"said"	"that some of its bondholders had filed a petition for involuntary bankruptcy against the computer company"
181	"some of its bondholders"	"had filed"	"a petition for involuntary bankruptcy against the computer company"
181	"its"	"has"	"bondholders"
The Digital Domain column last Sunday, about Craigslist, the online bulletin board, misstated the name of a consulting firm that found in a survey last fall that many newspaper industry executives were unaware of the site's arrival in their cities.
182	"The Digital Domain column"	"misstated"	"the name of a consulting firm"
182	"a consulting firm"	"found"	"last fall that many newspaper industry executives were unaware of the site 's arrival in their cities"
182	"many newspaper industry executives"	"were"	"unaware of the site 's arrival"
182	"many newspaper industry executives"	"were unaware of"	"the site 's arrival"
182	"a consulting firm"	"found"	"that many newspaper industry executives were unaware of the site 's arrival in their cities"
182	"The Digital Domain column last Sunday about Craigslist"	"misstated"	"the name of a consulting firm"
182	"a consulting firm"	"found"	"in a survey that many newspaper industry executives were unaware of the site 's arrival in their cities"
182	"their"	"has"	"cities"
A review on June 29, about two books on German musicians and music in the Nazi period, referred incorrectly to Fred K. Prieberg's 1982 German book on those subjects.
183	"Fred K. Prieberg"	"has"	"1982 German book"
183	"A review on June 29"	"is"	"about two books on German musicians"
183	"A review on June 29"	"referred"	"incorrectly to Fred K. Prieberg 's 1982 German book"
183	"A review"	"referred incorrectly to"	"Fred K. Prieberg 's 1982 German book"
183	"A review on June 29"	"is"	"about two books on German musicians and music in the Nazi period"
Hayden's Point was built by James Gamble Rogers for Chet Bowles, and it was never meant to be a showplace.
184	"it"	"was never meant to be"	"a showplace"
184	"Hayden 's Point"	"was built"	"by James Gamble Rogers for Chet Bowles"
184	"it"	"was never meant"	"to be a showplace"
184	"it"	"was built by"	"James Gamble Rogers"
184	"Hayden 's Point"	"was built by"	"James Gamble Rogers"
Bennett confirmed when he addressed the Township Council tonight that the United States attorney's office had requested information from the township.
185	"the United States attorney"	"has"	"office"
185	"Bennett"	"confirmed"	"when he addressed the Township Council tonight that the United States attorney 's office had requested information from the township"
185	"the United States attorney 's office"	"had requested information from"	"the township"
185	"the United States attorney 's office"	"had requested"	"information"
185	"the United States attorney 's office"	"had requested"	"information from the township"
In 1964, he joined CBS News as an associate producer of "CBS News With Walter Cronkite" in Washington, and he later became the producer for White House correspondent Dan Rather, now CBS's weekday anchor, during the Nixon Administration.
186	"he"	"later became the producer for"	"White House correspondent Dan Rather"
186	"CBS"	"has"	"weekday anchor"
186	"he"	"became"	"the producer during the Nixon Administration"
186	"he"	"joined"	"CBS News in Washington"
186	"he"	"became"	"the producer later"
186	"he"	"joined"	"CBS News In 1964"
186	"Dan Rather"	"be correspondent for"	"White House"
186	"he"	"joined CBS News"	"1964"
186	"he"	"be an associate producer of"	""CBS News"
186	"he"	"joined"	"CBS News as an associate producer of CBS News With Walter Cronkite"
186	"he"	"became"	"the producer for White House correspondent Dan Rather now CBS 's weekday anchor"
Her subjects were friends and artists who posed for her in their "Full Monty" glory.
187	"artists"	"posed"	"for her in their Full Monty glory"
187	"Her subjects"	"were"	"artists"
187	"Her subjects"	"were"	"friends and artists who posed for her in their " Full Monty " glory"
187	"Her"	"has"	"subjects"
187	"their"	"has"	"Full Monty glory"
187	"Her subjects"	"were"	"friends and artists"
187	"artists"	"posed"	"for her"
187	"Her subjects"	"were"	"friends"
Justice Charles R. Alberti, a retired associate justice of the Massachusetts Superior Court in Pittsfield, performed the ceremony at the home of the bride's parents.
188	"Justice Charles R. Alberti"	"is"	"a retired associate justice of the Massachusetts Superior Court in Pittsfield"
188	"Justice Charles R. Alberti"	"performed"	"the ceremony at the home of the bride 's parents"
188	"Justice Charles R. Alberti"	"performed"	"the ceremony"
188	"Justice Charles R. Alberti"	"performed the ceremony at"	"the home of the bride 's parents"
188	"a retired associate justice of the Massachusetts Superior Court"	"performed the ceremony at"	"the home of the bride 's parents"
188	"the ceremony"	"be performed at"	"the home of the bride 's parents"
188	"the bride"	"has"	"parents"
David Johansen's latest genre excursion heads for the recorded roots of American music: the blues, ballads, country and gospel songs, full of murder and adultery and hope for redemption, that were collected by Harry Smith for his Anthology of American Folk Music, a foundation of the 1950's folk revival.
189	"David Johansen 's latest genre excursion"	"heads"	"for the recorded roots of American music the blues full of murder and adultery and hope for redemption"
189	"David Johansen"	"has"	"latest genre excursion"
189	"the 1950"	"has"	"folk revival"
189	"his"	"has"	"Anthology of American Folk Music"
189	"his Anthology of American Folk Music"	"be a foundation of"	"1950 's folk revival"
189	"David Johansen 's latest genre excursion"	"heads"	"for the recorded roots of American music"
Ford shares fell 2 cents, to $9.96.
190	"Ford shares"	"fell"	"2 cents to $ 9.96"
Bic is being sued by people who say their lighters exploded, causing burns, and in some cases, death.
191	"Bic"	"is being sued by"	"people"
191	"their lighters"	"exploded"	"causing burns"
191	"people"	"say"	"their lighters exploded causing in some cases death"
191	"their lighters"	"exploded"	"causing burns and in some cases death"
191	"Bic"	"is being sued"	"by people"
191	"people"	"say"	"their lighters exploded causing burns"
191	"their"	"has"	"lighters"
191	"Bic"	"is being sued by"	"people who say their lighters exploded , causing burns"
191	"people"	"say"	"their lighters exploded causing burns and in some cases death"
191	"their lighters"	"exploded"	"causing in some cases death"
Indeed, they were treated more fairly than Lawrence H. Summers, the president of Harvard, has been treated by his faculty.
192	"they"	"were treated more fairly than"	"Lawrence H. Summers"
192	"his"	"has"	"faculty"
192	"they"	"were treated"	"more fairly than Lawrence H. Summers has been treated by his faculty Indeed"
192	"they"	"were treated"	"more fairly than Lawrence H. Summers has been treated by his faculty"
192	"Lawrence H. Summers"	"be the president of"	"Harvard"
192	"Lawrence H. Summers"	"is"	"the president of Harvard"
With the Jets' training camp opening next Monday, Hadley Engelhard, the agent for the team's first-round draft pick, Dewayne Robertson, will arrive in New York today and expects to meet with the Jets tomorrow in an effort to start contract negotiations.
193	"Hadley Engelhard"	"will arrive"	"in New York With the Jets training camp opening"
193	"Hadley Engelhard"	"expects"	"to meet with the Jets tomorrow With the Jets training camp opening"
193	"the team"	"has"	"first-round draft pick"
193	"Hadley Engelhard"	"expects"	"to meet with the Jets With the Jets training camp opening"
193	"Hadley Engelhard"	"will arrive"	"in New York"
193	"Hadley Engelhard"	"expects"	"to meet with the Jets in an effort to start contract negotiations"
193	"Hadley Engelhard"	"will arrive"	"in New York today"
193	"Hadley Engelhard"	"expects"	"to meet with the Jets tomorrow"
193	"the team 's first-round draft pick"	"is"	"Dewayne Robertson"
193	"the Jets"	"has"	"training camp opening"
193	"Hadley Engelhard"	"expects"	"to meet with the Jets in an effort to start contract negotiations With the Jets training camp opening"
193	"Hadley Engelhard"	"is"	"the agent for the team 's first-round draft pick"
193	"Hadley Engelhard"	"expects"	"to meet with the Jets"
A winner will be announced in October.
194	"A winner"	"will be announced"	"in October"
194	"A winner"	"will be announced in"	"October"
Until the investigation is completed and the I.A.A.F. convenes in London April 15 to decide her case, the federation has instructed the British Amateur Athletic Board to withdraw Budd from all international competition.
195	"the federation"	"has instructed"	"the British Amateur Athletic Board to withdraw Budd from all international competition Until the investigation is completed"
195	"the federation"	"has instructed"	"the British Amateur Athletic Board to withdraw Budd from all international competition"
195	"the investigation"	"is completed"
195	"her"	"has"	"case"
195	"the federation"	"has instructed"	"the British Amateur Athletic Board to withdraw Budd Until the I.A.A.F. convenes in London April 15 to decide her case"
195	"the federation"	"has instructed"	"the British Amateur Athletic Board to withdraw Budd from all international competition Until the investigation is completed and the I.A.A.F. convenes in London April 15 to decide her case"
195	"the federation"	"has instructed"	"the British Amateur Athletic Board to withdraw Budd Until the investigation is completed and the I.A.A.F. convenes in London April 15 to decide her case"
195	"the federation"	"has instructed"	"the British Amateur Athletic Board to withdraw Budd from all international competition Until the I.A.A.F. convenes in London April 15 to decide her case"
195	"the federation"	"has instructed"	"the British Amateur Athletic Board to withdraw Budd Until the investigation is completed"
195	"the federation"	"has instructed"	"the British Amateur Athletic Board"
195	"the I.A.A.F."	"convenes"	"in London April 15 to decide her case"
195	"the federation"	"has instructed"	"the British Amateur Athletic Board to withdraw Budd"
195	"I.A.A.F."	"convenes in"	"London"
The bride is the stepdaughter of Richard L. Harris.
196	"The bride"	"is the stepdaughter of"	"Richard L. Harris"
196	"The bride"	"is"	"the stepdaughter of Richard L. Harris"
196	"The bride"	"is"	"the stepdaughter"
But how about Bodynet, an enveloping computer web in which your wireless-data telephone might actually be a hat?
197	"your"	"has"	"wireless-data telephone"
197	"your wireless-data telephone"	"might actually be"	"a hat"
Mr. Parkin's office was also searched by the F.B.I.
198	"Mr. Parkin 's office"	"was also searched by"	"the F.B.I."
198	"Mr. Parkin"	"has"	"office"
198	"Mr. Parkin 's office"	"was searched"	"by the F.B.I. also"
198	"Mr. Parkin 's office"	"was searched"	"by the F.B.I."
General Blevins agreed and said he would strike with a tank regiment held in reserve as well as with helicopters and Air Force support.
199	"he"	"would strike with"	"a tank regiment"
199	"he"	"would strike"	"with a tank regiment held in reserve"
199	"General Blevins"	"agreed"
199	"General Blevins"	"said"	"he would strike with a tank regiment held in reserve as well as with helicopters and Air Force support"
199	"he"	"would strike"	"with a tank regiment held in reserve as well as with helicopters and Air Force support"
199	"General Blevins"	"said"	"he would strike with a tank regiment held in reserve"
199	"a tank regiment"	"be held"	"in reserve"
