Henry was Governor Edwin Washington Edwards's choice for Speaker.
Mrs. Yogeswaran was shot five times with a pistol near her Jaffna home on May 17, 1998.
Girard has a bachelor's degree in political sciences at the Universite de Montreal and did studies for the master's degree in industrial relations.
2	"Girard"	"did for the master's degree in industrial relations"	"studies"
2	"Girard"	"has a bachelor's"	"degree in political sciences at the Universite de Montreal"
2	"Girard"	"de"	"Montreal"
It was #109 on the Billboard 200 chart.
Robert Barnard (born 23 November 1936) is an English crime writer, critic and lecturer.
The secretary/music director for the church, Anne (Susan Clark), is wary of changes for the congregation intended by Hill.
"Doing Time on Maple Drive" was released on Region 1 DVD on September 7, 2004.
It comprises and includes mountains reaching an altitude of above sea level.
He starred as Lancelot in the national tour of "Spamalot" from 2006 through 2008.
8	"He"	"starred"	"as Lancelot"
The film as well as the musical were criticized by some religious groups.
As in the film, Richards is given the chance to become a Hunter by Killian, though unlike in the film, he accepts.
10	"Richards"	"become though by Killian ,"	"a Hunter"
10	"Richards"	"accepts"	"in the film"
10	"Richards"	"is given in the film"	"the chance"
10	"Richards"	"become though"	"a Hunter"
The film debuted on October 30, 1968 (December 29, 1968 London premiere.
11	"The film"	"debuted premiere"	"on October"
The Arab nationalists aimed, in part, to remove British imperial influence in Iraq.
12	"The Arab nationalists"	"aimed remove"	"British imperial influence"
12	"The Arab nationalists"	"aimed remove in part"	"British imperial influence"
A sequel, in name only, called "Return of the Ape Man", followed in 1944, one year later after this film and starred Bela Lugosi, John Carradine and George Zucco.
13	"A sequel , in name"	"only called followed , one year later after this film"	"Return of the Ape Man "
13	"A sequel , in name"	"starred"	"Bela Lugosi"
13	"A sequel , in name"	"only called followed , one year later"	"Return of the Ape Man "
Dr.Gayatri (Bipasha Basu) is researching the esoteric practices like voodoo, spirit possession, magic and healing powers.
14	"Dr. Gayatri"	"is researching like voodoo"	"the esoteric practices"
14	"Dr. Gayatri"	"healing"	"powers"
14	"Dr. Gayatri"	"is researching"	"the esoteric practices"
Simultaneously won the "Hope of the World Ballet" Prize.
This version was cut down to 100-minutes in length.
He was born in New York and died at Livonia, Michigan.
17	"He"	"died"	"at Livonia"
Fred Kohler (April 20, 1888 - October 28, 1938) was an American actor known for his "heavy" style of character.
Outpost Harry was a remote Korean War station located on a tiny hilltop in what was commonly referred to as the "Iron Triangle" on the Korean Peninsula.
By agreement among the Allied nations, in March 1942 the acific theatre was divided into the South West Pacific Area, under General Douglas MacArthur, and the Pacific Ocean Areas, under Admiral Chester W. Nimitz.
20	"the acific theatre"	"was divided"	"By agreement among the Allied nations , in March 1942"
Fighting continued in and around Baidoa, particularly at Iidale and Dinsoor; approximately 60 and 120 kilometres south of Baidoa respectively.
Another version of the story was filmed in 1934, entitled The Courage of Charlie Chan.
22	"Another version of the story"	"was filmed entitled"	"The Courage"
He consults his family doctor for solution.
23	"He"	"consults for solution"	"his family doctor"
The International Center for Research on Women (ICRW) is a non-profit organization headquartered in Washington, D.C., United States, with a regional office in New Delhi, India.
His return bout in the UFC occurred at "UFC 81", where he submitted Rob Yundt at 1:08 in the first round.
25	"His return bout in the UFC"	"occurred"	"at  UFC"
25	"08 in the first round"	"occurred"	"at  UFC"
25	"His return bout in the UFC"	"where where submitted"	"Rob Yundt"
25	"08 in the first round"	"where where submitted"	"Rob Yundt"
Frank Lanning as Francisco Cortez, escaped convict falsely accused of murder ing Jim Lester's father.
26	"Francisco Cortez"	"escaped falsely accused ing"	"convict"
26	"Francisco Cortez"	"escaped falsely accused ing of murder"	"convict"
Wu worked as a reporter for United Press International from 1973 until 1978 when she joined WGBH-TV, Boston's public television station, as the Massachusetts State House reporter until 1983.
27	"Wu"	"worked"	"as a reporter for United Press International"
27	"Wu"	"joined Boston's public television station"	"WGBH-TV"
27	"Wu"	"joined Boston's"	"WGBH-TV"
The New Zealand Naval Forces was a Division of the Royal Navy.
The previous season had seen him lead Dawlish to 2nd place in the Western League, their highest ever league finishing position.
29	"The previous season"	"had seen him"	"lead Dawlish"
29	"The previous season"	"had seen"	"lead Dawlish"
In his years on Newsnight, he has reported on many of the most compelling foreign news stories in the past two decades: the Gulf War; the attempted coup d'etat in Moscow; 1993 events in Moscow; Bosnian War; Middle East peace process; the War in Kosovo; and the recent US military campaigns in War in Afghanistan and War in Iraq.
30	"he"	"has reported"	"In his years on Newsnight"
William Dozier (February 13, 1908 - April 23, 1991) was an American film and television producer and actor.
When the ZANU-PF-Movement for Democratic Change national unity government was sworn in on February 13, 2009, Nhema was included in the Cabinet as Minister of the Environment.
She was a member of the National Union of Women Workers.
He was Premier of the Republic of China from 1989 to 1990, serving for one year under former President Lee Teng-hui.
He made his debut in a Champions League game Fenerbahce-Inter (1-0).
35	"He"	"made"	"his"
The Islamic Jihad Union (IJU), also known as Islamic Jihad Group (IJG), is a terrorist organization which splintered from the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan (IMU), and has conducted attacks in Uzbekistan and attempted attacks in Germany.
36	"The Islamic Jihad Union"	"has conducted"	"attacks in Uzbekistan"
36	"The Islamic Jihad Union"	"attempted in Germany"	"attacks"
36	"The Islamic Jihad Union"	"attempted"	"attacks"
36	"The Islamic Jihad Union"	"is splintered"	"from the Islamic Movement"
After three brain surgeries, she died at the age of 53 in Leusden, The Netherlands, where she had lived during her illness.
37	"she"	"died"	"The Netherlands"
37	"she"	"where had lived"	"during her illness"
37	"she"	"died After three brain surgeries"	"The Netherlands"
Cadabra has also played for FC Cessange Bracarenses Grund 2001 (twice) and FC Etzella Ettelbruck in Luxembourg.
38	"Cadabra"	"has also played ( twice )"	"for FC Cessange Bracarenses Grund"
He played the healer Goggins who is a Draenei shaman.
For the 2006-07 season, Pace played with the Nelson Giants in the New Zealand National Basketball League.
40	"Pace"	"played"	"For the 2006-07 season"
These policies were enforced by the police.
On February 6, 2008, the post office in Taft was renamed the "Larry S. Pierce Post Office" in his honor.
42	"the post office in Taft"	"was renamed"	"the  Larry S. Pierce Post Office"
42	"the post office in Taft"	"was renamed On February"	"the  Larry S. Pierce Post Office"
LaBrocca scored his first goal for the club in a 4-1 home victory vs. Chicago Fire.
43	"LaBrocca"	"scored for the club in a 4-1 home victory vs. Chicago"	"his first goal"
He is married to Washington Post journalist Ruth Marcus.
Kuroki is the only Japanese American known to have participated in air combat missions in the Pacific theater of operations during the war.
45	"Japanese"	"only American known have participated"	"in air combat missions in the Pacific theater of operations during the war"
After his service in the United States Army (1968-1971), Middleton became the owner and operator of Cedar Hill Farm near Waldorf, Maryland.
46	"Middleton"	"became"	"After his service in the United States Army ("
"The Candy Trail" is a 1916 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
Daughter of the actor Ismael Sanchez Abellan and actress and writer Ana Maria Bueno (better known as Ana Rosetti), Gabriel was born in San Fernando, Cadiz, but spent her childhood in Madrid.
48	"Gabriel"	"spent in Madrid"	"her childhood"
48	"Gabriel"	"spent"	"her childhood"
He was made an Officer of the Order of Australia in the Australia Day honours of 2003, for service to the Australian Labor Party and to politics through the introduction of modern campaign techniques, fundraising protocols for all political parties, affirmative action guidelines, and by strengthening the party's organisational and financial structure.
49	"He"	"politics"	"through the introduction of modern campaign techniques"
49	"He"	"strengthening"	"the party's"
49	"He"	"was made of the Order of Australia"	"an Officer"
49	"He"	"was made"	"an Officer"
Dissatisfaction with progress and lack of resettlement of refugees caused the CNDP forces to declare war on the FDLR and hostilities to resume, including civilian atrocities.
"While the Arab world is a rich prize in itself, Europe has been and remains the primary objective.
Since the British also knew that by law the fleet could only land at Cadiz, as well as its place and approximate time of departure from South America, it was not difficult to position a squadron to intercept it.
52	"the British"	"law could was position intercept it"	"a squadron"
52	"the British"	"law could was position intercept"	"a squadron"
Tomkins made his Premier League debut on 22 March 2008 in a 1-1 draw away to Everton.
53	"Tomkins"	"made away"	"his Premier League"
53	"Tomkins"	"made away in a 1-1 draw"	"his Premier League"
He then went on to work for Cisco Systems, one of the world's largest high-tech businesses.
54	"He"	"then went work for Cisco Systems"	"one of the world's"
54	"He"	"then went work"	"one of the world's"
He fathered two children, Edna and Donald, and lived in Aberdeen until his death from tuberculosis in 1942.
55	"He"	"fathered Edna and Donald , and lived in Aberdeen until his death from tuberculosis in 1942."	"two children"
A Great-Great Grandson was Robert Norton Noyce (1927 - 1990), nicknamed "the Mayor of Silicon Valley", co-founder of Fairchild Semiconductor in 1957 and Intel in 1968.
After learning to play from her mother and continuing as a music student in local schools, Alice was accepted as a student of Carlos Salzedo at the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
57	"Alice"	"learning play accepted"	"from her mother"
57	"Alice"	"continuing"	"as a music student in local schools"
This article includes attacks on continental territory (extending 200 miles into the ocean) which is today under the sovereignty of the United States, Canada and Mexico but excludes military action involving the Danish territory of Greenland and the Caribbean.
58	"This article"	"involving of Greenland and the Caribbean"	"the Danish territory"
58	"This article"	"includes extending 200 miles"	"attacks on continental territory"
58	"This article"	"is excludes"	"military action"
58	"This article"	"involving"	"the Danish territory"
58	"This article"	"includes extending"	"attacks on continental territory"
Princeton's women's track & field team has also enjoyed great success under Head Coach Peter Farrell.
59	"Princeton's women's track & field team"	"has also enjoyed under Head Coach Peter Farrell"	"great success"
59	"Princeton's women's track & field team"	"has also enjoyed"	"great success"
The report implied that the infighting in Zanu-PF over Mugabe's successor was also hurting policy formulation and consistency in implementation.
60	"the infighting in Zanu-PF"	"was also hurting in implementation"	"policy formulation"
60	"the infighting in Zanu-PF"	"was also hurting"	"policy formulation"
"Life Partner" netted overseas in its opening week while it netted domestically by the third week.
61	"it"	"netted domestically"	"by the third week"
He also did the voice of Tommy in the action game "Prey".
62	"He"	"also did of Tommy"	"the voice"
62	"He"	"also did"	"the voice"
The film was first shown on 18 July 2009 in Montreal at the Fantasia Festival.
63	"The film"	"was first shown"	"on 18 July"
The foundations of the University of the Aegean date back to October 1918 when Greece had expanded its geographic borders to the wider Smyrna area after the World War I.
64	"Greece"	"had expanded to the wider Smyrna area after the World War I."	"its geographic borders"
These include award sculptures for organizations such as the National Air and Space Museum, the PGA Tour, the Georgetown University Lombardi Cancer Center, the World Peace Foundation, and the Shakespeare Guild.
Argentina has an important rugby union football team, "Los Pumas", with many of its players playing in Europe.
66	"Argentina"	"playing"	"in Europe"
They have also competed in the UEFA Women's Cup and UEFA Women's Champions League.
67	"They"	"have also competed"	"in the UEFA"
Finklea began his medical career as a physician and a professor at a series of medical schools.
It was later broadcast on NBC on February 26, 2009 and is now available as a separate DVD as of March 24, 2009, It also the televison premiere for Nickelodeon on March 6, 2011.
69	"It"	"was later broadcast premiere for Nickelodeon on NBC"	"It also the televison"
69	"It"	"was later broadcast premiere for Nickelodeon"	"It also the televison"
They are adamant on finding out the truth about her.
In its early years, the air force was engaged primarily in immigration patrol, with occasional assistance in emergency relief.
71	"the air force"	"was engaged primarily"	"In its early years"
As Sarada tries to act normal while planning to escape, Dileep finds that his father has been locked in and when he saves his father, he realizes that Sarada knows the truth about his deeds.
72	"his father"	"saves"	"his father"
72	"Sarada"	"knows"	"the truth"
72	"Sarada"	"knows about his deeds"	"the truth"
Although at first she wards off Charlie's advances, she comes to see him as the ideal man for her plans.
73	"she"	"comes see as the ideal man"	"him"
73	"at"	"comes see"	"him"
73	"at"	"comes see as the ideal man"	"him"
73	"she"	"comes see"	"him"
He has represented parts of the city of Rutland in the Vermont House of Representatives since 2005 and had previously served four terms in the House.
74	"He"	"has represented"	"parts"
74	"He"	"had previously served"	"four terms"
74	"He"	"had previously served in the House"	"four terms"
74	"He"	"has represented of the city of Rutland in the Vermont House of Representatives"	"parts"
According to gay film historian Vito Russo in his book The Celluloid Closet, co-star Michael Greer, who played the flamboyantly gay Malcolm and who was himself gay, tried to work with the screenwriter and director to minimize the negativity of the characterization and present Malcolm in a positive light.
75	"who"	"tried work minimize with the screenwriter and director"	"the negativity"
75	"who"	"present in a positive light"	"Malcolm"
75	"who"	"According played"	"the flamboyantly"
75	"who"	"tried work minimize"	"the negativity"
75	"who"	"present"	"Malcolm"
In 2009, Hobbs acquired the role of top gymnast, Emily Kmetko, in ABC Family's "Make It or Break It".
76	"Hobbs"	"acquired Make"	"the role"
76	"Hobbs"	"acquired Make in ABC"	"the role"
76	"Hobbs"	"Break"	"It"
Mya Than Tint entered Rangoon University in 1948, the year Burma gained independence from Great Britain, and received a degree in philosophy, political science and English literature.
77	"Burma"	"received"	"a degree"
77	"Burma"	"gained from Great Britain"	"independence"
77	"Burma"	"received in philosophy"	"a degree"
They seek help from a prisoner (played by Blacky Ko).
78	"They"	"seek played from a prisoner"	"help"
78	"They"	"seek played"	"help"
He trained with the club for one month before being waived on March 1, 2011, prior to the start of the MLS season.
79	"He"	"trained being waived"	"with the club for one month"
The twisted creations of two cartoonists come to life in this tongue-in-cheek low budget schlocker.
80	"The twisted creations of two cartoonists"	"come in this tongue-in-cheek"	"to life"
80	"The twisted creations of two cartoonists"	"come"	"to life"
Bryant committed suicide by falling off a ferry into San Francisco Bay, and drowned.
81	"Bryant"	"committed falling"	"suicide"
81	"Bryant"	"committed falling a ferry"	"suicide"
Dawson began his career as an English teacher at Southern University in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, where he remained three years after earning his M.A.
82	"Dawson"	"earning"	"his M.A."
82	"Dawson"	"began as an English teacher at Southern University in Baton Rouge"	"his career"
82	"Dawson"	"where remained"	"three years"
It relied on collective work, and gave the amateurs of the time a chance to compensate to some extent for their lack of skill.
83	"It"	"gave of the time"	"the amateurs"
83	"It"	"relied"	"a chance"
83	"It"	"relied on collective work"	"a chance"
83	"It"	"compensate"	"to some extent for their lack of skill"
83	"It"	"gave"	"the amateurs"
The University of Sulaimani is a public university located in the city of Sulaymaniyah in Kurdistan.
An honours year quickly followed, and Titterton topped the year in Physics.
Langley became the first President of the General Union of Railway Clerks in 1897, although he resigned due to ill health the following year.
The post-war era saw the creation of New College in 1962, Innis College in 1964 and Woodsworth College in 1974, all of them nondenominational.
87	"The post-war era"	"saw of New College"	"the creation"
87	"The post-war era"	"saw"	"the creation"
The cast consisted of some of the most prominent Israeli actors of the time, as well as hundreds of extras.
88	"The cast"	"consisted"	"of the time"
When news outlets reported that taxpayers were charged for a $600 makeup session for Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich for his budget speech, Bomke said, "He didn't get his money's worth."
89	"taxpayers"	"were charged"	"makeup session for Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich for his budget speech ,"
She later revealed to Christina the late Sommers was a friend of her family and her father had appealed to Fey for help in getting Amanda a job at "MODE" after her career as an actress didn't pan out.
90	"her father"	"was had appealed getting pan to Fey"	"Amanda"
90	"her father"	"was had appealed getting pan"	"Amanda"
90	"She"	"later revealed"	"to Christina"
So he was forced to requisition not only the public treasury of Gades but also the wealth from its temples.
91	"he"	"So was forced requisition"	"not only the public treasury"
91	"he"	"So was forced requisition of Gades"	"not only the public treasury"
He also told the "Washington Post" that the Iraqis warned the Zarqawi operatives that the Jordanians knew where they were.
92	"He"	"also told"	"the  Washington Post"
During the Punitive Expedition into Mexico in 1916, he was for a time depot manager at Columbus, New Mexico, the main logistical base of the expedition.
In his "2006 Movie Guide", Leonard Maltin gives the film 3.5 stars (out of four) and calls it "probably Malle's best early film."
They made their first division debut against Club America in the Estadio Azteca in a memorbla match, coming back from 2-0 to win 3-2.
95	"against Club America"	"coming back win"	"3-2"
95	"They"	"made"	"their first division"
95	"against Club America"	"coming back win in a memorbla match"	"3-2"
An ex-minister turned boatyard owner Baxter (Cox) befriends Obree, which results in Obree coming up with a daring idea - he's going to try and beat the hour record.
96	"An ex-minister"	"beat"	"the hour record"
96	"An ex-minister"	"turned he's going try"	"befriends Obree"
96	"results in Obree"	"coming up"	"which"
96	"An ex-minister"	"turned he's going try boatyard owner Baxter"	"befriends Obree"
96	"results in Obree"	"coming up with a daring idea"	"which"
Ronald Squire (25 March 1886 - 16 November 1958) was an English character actor.
"Casanova Brown" is a 1944 film starring Gary Cooper, Teresa Wright, and Frank Morgan.
The same day, after Macher had informed the local fire brigade, the south-east tower, the least important tower of the large castle, was blown up.
99	"Macher"	"had informed tower , the least important"	"the local fire brigade"
While in the legislature, he sponsored successful bills to encourage state purchasing of "environmentally preferable" products, to allow Colorado State University to require graduate student health insurance, and to create licensing standards for hemodialysis technicians.
100	"he"	"create for hemodialysis technicians"	"licensing standards"
100	"he"	"allow require"	"Colorado State University"
100	"he"	"create"	"licensing standards"
100	"he"	"sponsored in the legislature"	"successful bills"
100	"he"	"allow require graduate student health insurance"	"Colorado State University"
Indeed the rivalry between the Soviet armies to capture the city centre was becoming intense.
Jerry Goldsmith won the BMI Film & TV Award for his original score, and Morgan Freeman was nominated for the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Actor in a Motion Picture but lost to Denzel Washington for "Training Day".
However, any active player can activate their Overdrive to bring failed players back into the song, "saving" the band member.
103	"any active player"	"failed saving"	"the band member"
103	"any active player"	"However can activate bring back"	"their Overdrive"
103	"any active player"	"However can activate bring back failed players"	"their Overdrive"
The film's writer Aseem Arora was nominated for a Filmfare Award for Best Story.
104	"The film's writer Aseem Arora"	"was nominated"	"for a Filmfare"
Ten Heuvel is the older brother of Arturo ten Heuvel.
Soubry graduated in law from the University of Birmingham in 1979.
As the Liga's most northwesterly city after Tijuana, the Dorados remained in the LMB Northern Division in 2007.
107	"most northwesterly city after Tijuana"	"remained"	"As the Liga's"
107	"the Dorados"	"remained"	"As the Liga's"
He played one game for West Ham in the Premier League, as a substitute during the latter stages of the 1996-97 season.
108	"He"	"played for West Ham"	"one game"
He was Captain of the Atheists team on CBC Test the Nation: IQ broadcast live on January 24, 2010.
Georgia regards the Abkhaz armed forces as "unlawful military formations" and accuses Russia of supplying and training the Abkhaz troops, partly in exchange for Abkhaz land or hotels.
He is buried in Sandy Valley, Waynesburg, Ohio (Stark County).
111	"He"	"is buried"	"in Sandy Valley"
The Hollywood United 7-a-side teams compete in the Santa Monica Adult Soccer League.
In several scenes, the film's Bulgarian locale is given away as signs in Cyrillic are visible.
Hermine was married, on 7 January 1907 in Greiz to Prince Johann George Ludwig Ferdinand August of Schoenaich-Carolath (11 September 1873 - 7 April 1920).
114	"Hermine"	"was married"	"on 7 January"
He appeared in over 140 films between 1935 and 1950.
115	"He"	"appeared"	"in over 140 films"
In March 2009, Ludwig appeared in a lead role in Disney's "Race to Witch Mountain".
116	"Ludwig"	"appeared"	"In March"
On 5 October 2007, Pierluigi Casiraghi called up Alfonso, alongside with teammate Francesco Bolzoni, to form part of the Italy national under-21 football team.
117	"Pierluigi"	"form"	"part"
117	"Pierluigi"	"Casiraghi called On 5 October"	"Alfonso"
117	"Pierluigi"	"form of the Italy national under-21 football team"	"part"
117	"Pierluigi"	"Casiraghi called"	"Alfonso"
Journalists are strictly prohibited from covering the rebellion.
118	"Journalists"	"are strictly prohibited covering"	"the rebellion"
Grimes also starred in the sequel "Class of '44" (1973), which followed his character to college.
119	"Grimes"	"followed"	"his character"
119	"Grimes"	"also starred"	"in the sequel "
"Guilty" is a 1916 silent drama film featuring Harry Carey.
This led to an uprising in the holy city of Qum and the uprising soon spread to Tabriz, Tehran and other major cities.
121	"the uprising"	"soon spread"	"to Tabriz"
He appeared in 129 films between 1929 and 1946.
122	"He"	"appeared"	"in 129 films"
After crushing a French army in July 1812, Wellington exploited his great victory by capturing Madrid.
123	"Wellington"	"crushing exploited"	"a French army"
123	"Wellington"	"capturing"	"Madrid"
123	"Wellington"	"crushing exploited in July"	"a French army"
The title of the series comes from the very first episode, where Udav has his length measured in parrots.
124	"Udav"	"where has"	"his length"
124	"Udav"	"measured"	"in parrots"
Carter's reorganization efforts separated the Department of Health, Education and Welfare into the Department of Education and the Department of Health and Human Services.
In March 2005, his second single, "Wisemen," was released.
Unlike all other Eclipse Awards, which are voted on by a chosen committee from among the horse racing world, the Moment of the Year is voted on by racing fans.
127	"the Moment of the Year"	"is voted"	"by racing fans"
127	"the Moment of the Year"	"is voted Unlike all other Eclipse Awards"	"by racing fans"
127	"the Moment of the Year"	"are voted"	"by a chosen committee from among the horse racing world"
Beauman is married to film director, screenwriter and producer James Bobin, with whom she has one daughter, Madelaine.
128	"Beauman"	"is married"	"to film director , screenwriter and producer James Bobin"
While some reviewers praised the movie as a classic example of 1960s camp, others noted its mediocre production values, rewriting of the script, changes in the musical score, and disappointing choreography in some songs.
129	"others"	"noted rewriting of the script , changes in the musical score , and disappointing choreography in some songs"	"its mediocre production values"
129	"some reviewers"	"praised as a classic example of 1960s camp"	"the movie"
129	"some reviewers"	"disappointing in some songs"	"choreography"
129	"some reviewers"	"disappointing"	"choreography"
As of 2009, it is ranked as the strongest hockey league in Europe.
130	"it"	"is ranked league"	"as the strongest hockey"
He is also an accomplished musician and songwriter and fronts his own band, Ten Athlone.
He also served as a councillor on Bermondsey.
132	"He"	"also served"	"as a councillor on Bermondsey"
One other person was killed in fighting in Sidon and two soldiers died in fighting east of Beirut.
133	"fighting in Sidon and two soldiers"	"died fighting"	"east"
133	"fighting in Sidon and two soldiers"	"died fighting of Beirut"	"east"
He spent two years on board the Type IIB U-boat, under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Otto Kretschmer, completing five combat patrols as 1.WO (second-in-command), between October 1939 and January 1940.
134	"He"	"spent on board the Type"	"two years"
134	"He"	"See completing five combat patrols"	"Otto Kretschmer"
134	"He"	"See completing"	"Otto Kretschmer"
On 14 April, Graziani ordered his entire army to advance towards the Ethiopian defensive lines in a three-pronged attack.
135	"Graziani"	"ordered advance"	"his entire army"
135	"Graziani"	"ordered advance towards the Ethiopian defensive lines in a three-pronged attack"	"his entire army"
"Bastion" had been successful in the National Amateur League competitions (the "Fourth Level" of competition in Ukraine) including winning the Ukrainian Amateur Championship in 2007.
The show won an Emmy Award in the category of "Special Classification of Outstanding Program Achievements."
He held the seat until his retirement in 1987.
138	"He"	"held until his retirement"	"the seat"
France too was opposing Spain at every juncture.
139	"France"	"too was opposing at every juncture"	"Spain"
He served in the Wisconsin State Assembly from 1998 to 2010 until he was appointed to the Wisconsin Court of Appeals.
140	"He"	"was appointed"	"to the Wisconsin Court of Appeals"
Cassinelli was born in Genoa, and attended the catholic college Vittorino da Feltre in the same city.
141	"Cassinelli"	"attended"	"the catholic college"
141	"Cassinelli"	"attended in the same city"	"the catholic college"
Yun Jung Hoon (born 1978) is a Korean actor.
Lotu-Iiga lives with his wife Jules in Onehunga.
After independence in 1947, Dr. Jivraj graced public office in various positions.
144	"Dr. Jivraj"	"graced After independence in 1947"	"public office"
Both films are based on the short story "The Single Standard" by Daniel Carson Goodman; the story was adapted for this production by Gerrit J. Lloyd.
145	"Both films"	"are based"	"on the short story  The Single"
Likewise, the accompanying music is generated by the program so that it's almost certain the listener will never quite hear the same arrangement twice.
146	"the accompanying music"	"Likewise is generated"	"by the program"
146	"the listener"	"almost certain will never quite hear twice"	"the same arrangement"
Once leaving Essendon, Booth moved to Tasmania and captain-coached the Sandy Bay Football Club from 1959 to 1961.
147	"Booth"	"leaving moved"	"Essendon"
147	"Booth"	"leaving moved to Tasmania"	"Essendon"
After retiring as Miami Beach Fire Chief in 1999, Garcia successfully ran for the Miami Beach City Commission and continued to serve in that capacity for 7 years.
148	"Miami Beach Fire Chief"	"continued serve"	"in that capacity for 7 years"
148	"Miami Beach Fire Chief"	"successfully ran"	"for the Miami Beach City Commission"
Lawson was the sole black member of the Homebrew Computer Club, a group of early computer hobbyists which would produce a number of industry legends, including Apple founders Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak.
149	"which"	"was would produce of industry legends , including Apple founders Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak"	"a number"
149	"which"	"was would produce"	"a number"
For the 2009 Japanese Grand Prix, Brawn GP secured a single race sponsorship deal with Angfa Co. Ltd, maker of the medical shampoo Scalp-D, which has proved very popular in Japan since its launch in 2005.
150	"Brawn GP"	"secured For the 2009 Japanese Grand Prix"	"a single race sponsorship deal"
David Segal died nine years later.
Foreign investors are declining to finance Hungary's high budget and current account deficits, and the forint's weakness in recent months threatens hundreds of thousands of families who took out foreign currency mortgages.
152	"deficits"	"are declining"	"to finance Hungary's high budget and current account"
152	"deficits"	"took"	"foreign currency mortgages"
152	"Foreign investors"	"took"	"foreign currency mortgages"
152	"Foreign investors"	"are declining"	"to finance Hungary's high budget and current account"
152	"deficits"	"threatens"	"hundreds of thousands of families"
On 2 January 1940, after the commencement of World War II, he was appointed General Staff Officer Grade III in the Western Command headquarters of the Citizen Forces, working with the Intelligence Section.
153	"he"	"was appointed working"	"General Staff"
153	"he"	"was appointed working On 2 January"	"General Staff"
153	"the commencement of World War II"	"was appointed working"	"General Staff"
153	"the commencement of World War II"	"was appointed working On 2 January"	"General Staff"
He is largely focused on breaking up Garrincha's gang and is unaware of Thomas Barrett's intentions.
154	"He"	"is largely focused breaking"	"Garrincha's gang"
The royal family did not edit the book, nor did they have a preview before its printing.
155	"The royal family"	"did have"	"a preview"
155	"The royal family"	"did have before its printing"	"a preview"
He attempted to escape, but his ships had been at sea for an extended period and were sluggish compared to the 98-gun "London", which rapidly came alongside the French ship of the line and opened a heavy fire.
156	"He"	"compared"	"to the 98-gun "
156	"He"	"opened"	"a heavy fire"
156	"He"	"rapidly came alongside of the line"	"the French ship"
156	"He"	"rapidly came alongside"	"the French ship"
Her name is revealed to be Abby (Chloe Grace Moretz), who claims to be 12 years old.
Similarly, he only rejoined the Bundestag after the next elections as replacement candidate from 1964 to 1969.
158	"he"	"Similarly only rejoined after the next elections as replacement candidate"	"the Bundestag"
Zimmer ran for Mayor of Hoboken in 2009.
Lieutenant Commander Pavlic received the Purple Heart posthumously.
His work in synthesis and spectroscopy involved close cooperation with Achim Mueller.
The publisher is McGill-Queen's University Press.
Great if the president will help but totally unnecessary.
It was written by Norman Steinberg and David Frankel, based on the article "Convention of the Love Goddesses" in "Esquire Magazine" by Bob Greene.
Tahar Rahim (born 5 July 1981) is a French actor of Algerian origins.
165	"Tahar Rahim"	"born"	"5 July"
The Prince is hurt.
He was called up for the Black Stars for a friendly game against Argentina national football team and marked in the game on 1 October 2009 his debut.
167	"He"	"marked in the game on 1 October 2009"	"his debut"
167	"He"	"was called"	"for the Black Stars for a friendly game against Argentina national football team"
167	"He"	"marked"	"his debut"
He then resumed test piloting, for SISA Airline, for fifteen years.
168	"He"	"then resumed for SISA Airline"	"test piloting"
On August 29, 2010, the Jets waived defensive lineman Rodrique Wright, and wide receivers Aundrae Allison, Marcus Henry and Laveranues Coles.
169	"the Jets"	"waived On August"	"defensive lineman"
169	"the Jets"	"waived"	"defensive lineman"
Mana began his playing career with Quilmes and appeared in nine Primera Division Argentina matches for the club.
170	"Mana"	"appeared"	"in nine Primera Division"
170	"Mana"	"playing with Quilmes"	"career"
170	"Mana"	"playing"	"career"
170	"Argentina"	"matches"	"for the club"
Baharum was elected to federal Parliament in the 2004 election for the newly created seat of Sekijang.
171	"Baharum"	"was elected"	"to federal Parliament in the 2004 election"
Ryerson's Faculty of Community Services offers multi-disciplinary programs in health, early childhood education, social justice and community development.
A woman Tina arrives at Cholera street where she takes up residence and works as a prostitute.
173	"A woman Tina arrives at Cholera street"	"where where takes"	"residence"
173	"A woman Tina arrives at Cholera street"	"works"	"as a prostitute"
173	"she"	"where where takes"	"residence"
The plan was to airlift one battalion of the 24th Infantry Division into South Korea via C-54 Skymaster transport aircraft and quickly block advancing North Korean forces while the remainder of the division was transported on ships.
174	"The plan"	"was airlift of the 24th"	"one battalion"
174	"The plan"	"was airlift"	"one battalion"
His usual position was on the wing or in the centres.
Later on, Han Sui and Ma Teng shared an uneasy relationship with each other; between them were periods of alliance followed by periods of open warfare.
176	"Han Sui"	"were followed"	"by periods of open warfare"
176	"Han Sui"	"shared between them"	"an uneasy relationship"
After the end of political career, Akhundov served as the Vice President of the Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences until 1972.
177	"Akhundov"	"served"	"After the end of political career"
They were given a revision session on how to pray, and character building.
178	"They"	"were given how pray"	"a revision session"
Clayton State University is an NCAA Division II member, competing in one of the top conferences in the nation at that level - the Peach Belt Conference.
The state's two U.S. senators are Jefferson B. Sessions III and Richard C. Shelby, both Republicans.
Some academic philosophers have criticized Rand for what they consider her lack of rigor and limited understanding of philosophical subject matter.
181	"Some academic philosophers"	"consider"	"her lack"
After the Muslim victory at the Battle of Sagrajas (1086) put at temporary stop to Christian expansion, the Almoravid dynasty constructed a unified Al-Andalus with its capital in Granada, ruling until mid-12th century.
182	"the Almoravid dynasty"	"constructed"	"a unified"
Lancaster was nominated four times for Academy Awards and won once - for his work in "Elmer Gantry" in 1960.
183	"Lancaster"	"was nominated for Academy Awards and won once - for his work"	"four times"
The shield can be shown surrounded by the insignia of an honorary Knight Commander of the Most Honorable Order of the Bath (KCB), an award the General received after the first Gulf War.
184	"The shield"	"can be shown surrounded received"	"by the insignia of an honorary Knight"
She was discharged from the Sirio-Libanes Hospital on the June 23, 2008 after suffering strong chest pains.
185	"She"	"was discharged suffering"	"strong chest pains"
185	"She"	"was discharged suffering from the Sirio-Libanes Hospital"	"strong chest pains"
However, the trio did appear on the 12-date benefit tour for Action for Research into Multiple Sclerosis, as well as on the album "Guitar Boogie".
186	"the trio"	"benefit"	"tour for Action for Research into Multiple Sclerosis"
186	"the trio"	"However did appear"	"on the 12-date benefit tour for Action for Research into Multiple Sclerosis , as well as on the album  Guitar"
Crick stressed the importance of finding new methods to probe human brain function.
187	"Crick"	"stressed finding new methods"	"the importance"
187	"Crick"	"probe"	"human brain function"
187	"Crick"	"stressed finding"	"the importance"
Among modern critics, Steve Biodrowski of "Cinefantastique" wrote, "In the end, "Destroy All Monsters" is too slim in its storyline, too thin in its characterizations, to be considered a truly great film.
More widely, in late August, 2007 the group was accused in "The Telegraph", a conservative British newspaper, of torturing, detaining, and firing on unarmed protesters who had objected to policies of the Hamas government.
189	"2007 the group"	"was accused"	"in  The Telegraph"
189	"2007 the group"	"firing"	"on unarmed protesters"
189	"More widely , in late August"	"was accused"	"in  The Telegraph"
189	"More widely , in late August"	"firing"	"on unarmed protesters"
189	"More widely , in late August"	"had objected"	"to policies of the Hamas government"
189	"2007 the group"	"had objected"	"to policies of the Hamas government"
The court's official seat is in The Hague, Netherlands, but its proceedings may take place anywhere.
190	"its proceedings"	"court's is may take anywhere"	"place"
Donald Markwel argued that in the absence of such an international approach, there would be a risk of worsening international relations and possibly even world war arising from similar economic factors to those present during the depression of the 1930s.
191	"Donald Markwel"	"would be worsening arising"	"from similar economic factors to those present"
This was a first for the United States, as the market shifts away from traditional television.
The Ottoman Central Bank is the first building at right.
This may seem out of step with his agnostic convictions, but he believed that the Bible's significant moral teachings and superb use of language were relevant to English life.
194	"This"	"may seem"	"out of step with his agnostic convictions"
Since the dissolution of the Soviet Union, Ukraine continues to maintain the second largest military in Europe, after that of Russia.
The Venice Film Festival is the oldest film festival in the world.
Although the numbers on each side were about equal, William had both cavalry and infantry, including many archers, while Harold had only foot soldiers and few if any archers.
197	"William"	"had"	"both cavalry"
The highest mountain in this range is the Moncayo (2,313 m) and, despite getting less snow than in the Pyrenees, it has several ski resorts.
198	"it"	"has"	"several"
198	"it"	"has ski resorts"	"several"
The Battle of Weihaiwei was a 23 day siege with a major land and naval component during the First Sino-Japanese War.
