The nation 's health maintenance organizations were required to tell the federal government by midnight Monday whether they plan to continue providing health insurance to Medicare recipients next year , raise premiums , or reduce benefits .
0	"The nation 's health maintenance organizations"	"providing to Medicare recipients"	"health insurance"
0	"The nation 's health maintenance organizations"	"were required tell by midnight"	"the federal government"
0	"The nation 's health maintenance organizations"	"reduce"	"benefits"
0	"The nation 's health maintenance organizations"	"providing"	"health insurance"
0	"The nation 's health maintenance organizations"	"were required tell"	"the federal government"
The two-year note 's yield was unchanged at 5.95 percent .
1	"The two-year note 's yield"	"was unchanged"	"at 5.95 percent"
The 12 to 18-month target price is $ 70.00 per share .
The principal opposition parties boycotted the polls after accusations of vote-rigging , and the only other name on the ballot was a little-known challenger from a marginal political party .
3	"The principal opposition parties"	"boycotted after accusations of vote-rigging"	"the polls"
Gallery hours are 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. daily .
A Spanish official , who had just finished a siesta and seemed not the least bit tense , offered what he believed to be a perfectly reasonable explanation for why the portable facilities were n't in service .
5	"who"	"believed"	"to be a perfectly reasonable explanation for why the portable"
5	"who"	"seemed"	"not the least bit tense"
5	"who"	"offered he"	"what he believed to be a perfectly reasonable explanation for why the portable facilities were n't in service"
5	"who"	"had just finished"	"a siesta"
5	"who"	"offered"	"what he believed to be a perfectly reasonable explanation for why the portable facilities were n't in service"
The current El Nino , a complicated and vaguely understood series of phenomena that affect weather around the globe , is either the weather event of the century or an event whose bluster ca n't come close to living up to the super-hype preceding it .
6	"whose bluster"	"preceding"	"it"
6	"whose bluster"	"is ca n't come living"	"to the super-hype"
And he has eased up on team rules .
7	"he"	"has eased"	"on team rules"
Jake decides to give Melanie a bit of a hard time because she 's giving him and everyone else she grew up with a megadose of New York attitude , which in this film is almost as grossly exaggerated as the Southern stuff .
8	"she"	"is almost almost grossly grossly exaggerated"	"as the Southern stuff"
8	"in this film"	"is almost almost grossly grossly exaggerated"	"as the Southern stuff"
8	"she"	"grew"	"with a megadose of New York attitude ,"
8	"she"	"'s giving"	"him and everyone else"
Sather , whose box sits high above the Garden ice behind one of the nets , said that he could hardly notice the netting .
9	"Sather"	"could hardly notice"	"the netting"
Eight percent went to Europe , while 1 percent went to other regions in the world .
As he left the UN building , Sabri said he hoped Iraq 's announcement was a first step toward the `` lifting of this brutal regime of sanctions '' against his country .
11	"Sabri"	"left"	"the UN building"
11	"Sabri"	"hoped was a first step toward the ` ` lifting of this brutal regime of sanctions ' ' against his country"	"Iraq 's announcement"
A backdrop of steady economic growth , scant inflation , and stable bond yields provided support for stocks .
His teammates indeed loved the show .
The Revolution also gave up a 90th-minute goal in a 2-2 regulation draw at D.C. United Sept. 16 but they recovered to win their final two matches .
14	"The Revolution"	"also gave in a 2-2 regulation draw at D.C. United Sept. 16"	"a 90th-minute goal"
14	"The Revolution"	"recovered win"	"their final two matches"
14	"The Revolution"	"also gave"	"a 90th-minute goal"
One factor , he said , might be that consumers have just decided they have enough stuff and are salting money away for retirement or spending it on vacations or entertainment .
15	"consumers"	"have"	"enough stuff"
15	"consumers"	"are salting away for retirement"	"money"
15	"consumers"	"spending on vacations or entertainment"	"it"
15	"consumers"	"spending"	"it"
He threw three scoreless innings , enabling Seattle to climb back into the game .
16	"He"	"threw enabling climb back into the game"	"three scoreless innings"
16	"He"	"threw enabling climb back into the game Seattle"	"three scoreless innings"
Programmers always enter a season worried about the future of specific programs ; but never before have so many of them entered a season so worried about the future of the entire business .
17	"Programmers"	"never before have entered of them"	"so many"
17	"Programmers"	"always enter about the future of specific programs"	"a season"
17	"Programmers"	"never before have entered"	"so many"
A spokesperson for Omega in Rio de Janeiro , was not immediately available for comment .
Dell Computer Corp. 's quarter also looks good .
Output was reduced in 1996 after one of its three furnaces exploded , killing one worker .
20	"Output"	"was reduced exploded killing"	"one worker"
The Residential Internship Program should meet the district 's needs , too , Quiriconi said .
21	"The Residential Internship Program"	"should meet too"	"the district 's needs"
Esaka and six other top executives will quit to take responsibility for 67.28 million yen in payoffs to corporate racketeer Ryuichi Koike , 54 .
22	"Esaka"	"will quit take"	"responsibility for 67.28 million yen in payoffs"
She 's a hard act to follow , '' said Ruth Brown of London , who was among the crowds Wednesday .
Most epidemiologists say the disorder stems from a genetic dysfunction , probably a short circuit in the brain .
But on the turn , she settled in .
25	"she"	"settled"	"on the turn"
It also took an interception of a Warren Moon pass by Chiefs free safety Jerome Woods in overtime to set up Stoyanovich 's game-winner .
26	"It"	"also took"	"an interception"
26	"It"	"also took of a Warren Moon pass by Chiefs free safety Jerome Woods in overtime to set up"	"an interception"
But she would concern herself less with the motives of those willing to help than with their pitching in .
27	"she"	"help"	"with their pitching in"
27	"she"	"would concern less with the motives of those willing to help than with their pitching in"	"herself"
27	"she"	"would concern less"	"herself"
We are going to have to do it when we see fit , '' said Bobby Brown , Netanyahu 's adviser on world Jewish affairs .
28	"We"	"are going have do"	"it"
28	"We"	"see"	"fit"
Congress holds hearings to consider anti-road-rage legislation .
29	"Congress holds"	"hearings consider"	"anti-road-rage legislation"
I only smoke one .
I 've been here 19 years and it 's never been a good time .
But some conglomerates , like Viacom and the News Corp. , have already bumped up against the limits of the rules .
32	"some conglomerates , like Viacom and the News Corp. ,"	"have already bumped"	"against the limits of the rules"
E-mail : jsuydamstatesman.com In person Ms. Holloman looks less like a tomboy than her film roles suggest , with her hazel eyes and faint drawl her most beguiling features .
33	"Ms. Holloman"	"looks suggest than her film roles"	"less like a tomboy"
33	"Ms. Holloman"	"looks suggest"	"less like a tomboy"
33	"Ms. Holloman"	"faint drawl"	"her most beguiling features"
He died en route to hospital .
34	"He"	"died to hospital"	"en route"
The benchmark 30-year bond rose 3/8 , or $ 3.75 per $ 1,000 bond , to 96 30/32 , pushing its yield down 3 basis points to 6.61 percent .
35	"30 / 32 ,"	"pushing"	"its yield"
35	"30 / 32 ,"	"pushing down 3 basis points"	"its yield"
35	"The benchmark 30-year bond"	"rose"	"3 / 8 , or $"
It begins life with a $ 75 million annual debt service burden , and a negative book value of nearly $ 300 million .
36	"It"	"begins with a $ 75 million annual debt service burden"	"life"
Part of this indifference is probably caused by the unearned cynicism of the age .
37	"Part of this indifference"	"is probably caused"	"by the unearned cynicism of the age"
These immigrants `` deserve consideration under the laws that were in place when they applied '' for asylum , said Rep. Lincoln Diaz-Balart , R-Fla. , who is the lead sponsor of House legislation that would change the current law .
38	"These immigrants ` ` deserve consideration under the laws that were in place when they applied ' ' for asylum"	"deserve under the laws"	"consideration"
38	"These immigrants ` ` deserve consideration under the laws that were in place when they applied ' ' for asylum"	"is would change"	"the current law"
38	"These immigrants ` ` deserve consideration under the laws that were in place when they applied ' ' for asylum"	"were applied"	"for asylum"
38	"These immigrants ` ` deserve consideration under the laws that were in place when they applied ' ' for asylum"	"deserve"	"consideration"
In previous games , Edwards believes that defenders were pressing , trying to overcompensate for the lack of certainty about the system by leaving their assignments to attempt a big play .
39	"defenders"	"were pressing trying overcompensate leaving attempt"	"their assignments"
39	"defenders"	"were pressing trying overcompensate leaving attempt for the lack of certainty about the system"	"their assignments"
39	"Edwards"	"believes"	"In previous games"
In a nutshell : Weird mix of redneck humor , girly fantasy and the occasional moment of reality make this Reese Witherspoon vehicle for starry-eyed romantics only .
40	"the occasional moment of reality"	"make"	"this"
40	"the occasional moment of reality"	"make Reese Witherspoon vehicle for starry-eyed romantics only"	"this"
He stepped out of his Mercedes and stood among dozens of other stupefied commuters , all staring helplessly at the smoke and flames in the distance .
41	"He"	"stepped"	"out of his Mercedes"
41	"He"	"staring flames"	"in the distance"
41	"He"	"stood"	"among dozens of other stupefied commuters"
But in late September , Giorgio began getting headaches .
42	"Giorgio"	"began getting in late September"	"headaches"
Koplowitz 's next concert will be a more modest affair and presented indoors at Dance Theater Workshop in May .
Only about one in five private-sector employees still receives that kind of deal , experts say .
It did n't specify which goods in either case .
45	"It"	"did n't specify in either case"	"which goods"
The committee is planning to hear from him this month .
46	"The committee"	"is planning hear"	"from him"
The scandal has now forced resignations at Japan 's fourth-largest bank and three of Japan 's Big Four brokerages .
47	"The scandal"	"has now forced at Japan 's fourth-largest bank and three of Japan 's Big Four brokerages"	"resignations"
It said it wanted the court to establish whether the government had failed to `` apply the same rules '' to all the bidders .
48	"the government"	"had failed apply"	"the same rules"
48	"It"	"wanted establish"	"the court"
If Calcavecchia plays Friday morning , he knows the importance of starting well , because the Americans have a recent history of falling behind early .
49	"he"	"knows starting"	"the importance"
On the next play , Tuman , who had lined up on the left side , glided unchecked to the right and caught Griese 's pass for a 53-yard play to the Colorado 2. Two plays later , Chris Floyd 's dive for a 1-yard touchdown put Michigan ahead .
50	"Tuman"	"caught"	"Griese 's pass"
50	"Colorado"	"2. 2. Two Two plays plays later later touchdown touchdown put Michigan ahead"	"the"
50	"Tuman"	"caught for a 53-yard play"	"Griese 's pass"
50	"Colorado"	"2. 2. Two Two plays plays later later touchdown touchdown put"	"the"
50	"Chris Floyd 's dive for a 1-yard"	"2. 2. Two Two plays plays later later touchdown touchdown put Michigan ahead"	"the"
50	"Colorado"	"had lined"	"on the left side , glided"
50	"Tuman"	"unchecked"	"On the next play"
50	"Chris Floyd 's dive for a 1-yard"	"2. 2. Two Two plays plays later later touchdown touchdown put"	"the"
50	"Chris Floyd 's dive for a 1-yard"	"had lined"	"on the left side , glided"
Although Charles Darwin had written in 1872 about the consistency of expressions in mammals , social scientists of the 1960s and 1970s believed expressions are learned through culture .
51	"Charles Darwin"	"had written"	"about the consistency of expressions in mammals"
The Hearst News Service has filed or will file the following for Wednesday .
Deputies said that as many as 57 deputies who were members of Fatah let Arafat know in a meeting Tuesday night that they intended to vote against him .
53	"as many as 57 deputies who were members of Fatah"	"know"	"in a meeting"
53	"as many as 57 deputies who were members of Fatah"	"intended vote"	"against him"
Inspired by the Cadillac Vison concept SUV shown at last year 's auto shows , the new Cadillac SRX will become one of the newest entrants into the fast-growing medium luxury utility segment , in which rival Lincoln is about to add its own Aviator , based on the Ford Explorer/Mercury Mountaineer platform .
54	"rival Lincoln"	"is about about add in which"	"its own Aviator"
54	"the new Cadillac SRX will become one of the newest entrants into the fast-growing medium luxury utility segment ,"	"is about about add"	"its own Aviator"
54	"SRX"	"will become"	"one of the newest entrants into the fast-growing medium luxury utility segment ,"
54	"the new Cadillac SRX will become one of the newest entrants into the fast-growing medium luxury utility segment ,"	"is about about add in which"	"its own Aviator"
54	"rival Lincoln"	"is about about add"	"its own Aviator"
It 's an effective , maybe even subversive , way to get the message across .
For their part , investors kept selling off stocks in trading and deregulated power companies , spurred Monday by negative news for El Paso Corp. Better yet , Miller and Roy Oswalt have won 19 straight decisions , and since July 1 , they 're a combined 21-1 with a 2.41 ERA.
56	"investors"	"spurred"	"Monday"
56	"investors"	"spurred by negative news for El Paso Corp. Better"	"Monday"
56	"investors"	"kept selling yet"	"stocks in trading"
56	"Miller"	"have"	"won 19 straight decisions"
56	"investors"	"kept selling yet For their part"	"stocks in trading"
Organogenesis Inc. of Canton Monday ended its troubled six-year relationship with giant Novartis Pharma AG , unilaterally terminating a marketing agreement in a move that will likely lead Organogenesis to file for bankruptcy protection from creditors this week .
57	"Organogenesis Inc."	"Novartis"	"Pharma AG"
57	"Organogenesis Inc."	"will likely lead"	"Organogenesis"
57	"Organogenesis Inc."	"will likely lead to file for bankruptcy protection from creditors this week"	"Organogenesis"
57	"Organogenesis Inc."	"ended unilaterally terminating"	"its troubled six-year relationship"
57	"Organogenesis Inc."	"ended unilaterally terminating with giant Novartis Pharma AG"	"its troubled six-year relationship"
In the first effort in Congress to estimate the fiscal cost of an Iraqi war , Democrats on the House Budget Committee released a report on Monday putting the likely price tag at between $ 30 billion and $ 60 billion , less than that of the Gulf War in 1991 .
ONE OF THOSE DAYS FOR JARRETT Worn out by the travel and discouraged by agency 's perpetual financial difficulties and the intractable nature of the Palestinian problem , Rennie retired in 1977 at 60 .
Extendicare Inc. agreed to buy Arbor Health Care Co. for about US$ 432 million in cash and assumed debt , nearly doubling its Florida and Ohio businesses and making it one of North America 's largest long-term health care providers .
60	"Inc."	"assumed"	"debt"
She began her career as a chunky woman , awkward on stage and unsure of her musical direction .
61	"She"	"began as a chunky woman , awkward on stage and unsure of her musical direction"	"her career"
This leads to one of two inescapable conclusions : Either the president reads BioScope or I got lucky .
Luckily for them , nobody was watching .
The first photograph of the fatal crash in which Diana , Princess of Wales , died appeared on the front page of Bild Zeitung Monday .
Hooters of America owns , operates or franchises a total of 192 of the hot wing restaurants , vs. the 12 run by Hooters Inc.
Tropical Storm Edouard will meander about 125 miles off the Georgia coast causing surf to build along parts of the Southeast Coast .
66	"Tropical Storm Edouard"	"will meander causing build"	"surf"
66	"Tropical Storm Edouard"	"will meander causing build about 125 miles off the Georgia coast"	"surf"
The drill has a keyless chuck , a built-in level for drilling straight holes and nonslip texturing over the whole drill body to provide a firm grip .
67	"drilling straight holes and nonslip"	"texturing"	"over the whole drill body to provide a firm grip"
67	"drilling straight holes and nonslip"	"provide"	"a firm grip"
Six of the 11 missing were dead , and the whereabouts of another is unknown .
The first batter he faced , Carl Everett , singled .
69	"he"	"faced singled"	"Carl Everett"
Rhodes discovered he had cancer last October after he felt a sharp pain in his right leg .
70	"Rhodes"	"had"	"cancer"
70	"Rhodes"	"felt"	"a sharp pain"
70	"Rhodes"	"felt in his right leg"	"a sharp pain"
Graham threw four touchdown passes in the title game and set up Groza 's 16-yard winning field goal with 28 seconds left on a frozen field at Cleveland 's Municipal Stadium .
71	"Groza"	"16-yard winning"	"field goal"
71	"Groza"	"16-yard winning with 28 seconds left on a frozen field at Cleveland 's Municipal Stadium"	"field goal"
71	"Groza"	"left"	"on a frozen field at Cleveland 's Municipal Stadium"
71	"Graham"	"threw in the title game"	"four touchdown passes"
If his use of the Web to create art sounds highfalutin , Koplowitz begs to differ .
That 's a lot of maybes in a sport where the right thing seldom happens , but with a shot at Mike Tyson having disappeared because of the sleight of hand of promoter Don King , Ruiz now knows he must turn in another direction if he wants the multimillion-dollar payday he 's been seeking for two years .
73	"Ruiz"	"wants"	"the multimillion-dollar payday"
73	"Ruiz"	"wants he"	"the multimillion-dollar payday"
73	"Ruiz"	"'s been seeking"	"for two years"
73	"Ruiz"	"must turn"	"in another direction"
73	"Ruiz"	"having disappeared now knows"	"with a shot at Mike Tyson"
DeLillo has brilliantly described the simultaneous explosion of knowledge in our times and the spread of Dark Age superstitions , the loss of family and community ties , replaced by the bloodless , invasive connections spawned by the World Wide Web.
74	"DeLillo"	"has brilliantly described of knowledge in our times"	"the simultaneous explosion"
74	"DeLillo"	"has brilliantly described"	"the simultaneous explosion"
74	"DeLillo"	"replaced spawned"	"by the World Wide Web"
Continuing to maintain his innocence of terrorism charges , Salim said the stabbing was unrelated to the escape plan and stemmed instead from his dissatisfaction with his lawyers .
75	"Salim"	"was stemmed instead from"	"his dissatisfaction"
75	"Salim"	"was stemmed instead from with his lawyers"	"his dissatisfaction"
Tax revenue will fall as economic growth slows and the government will reduce spending , Mar 'ie said , again without specifying how big the cuts will be or where they will be made .
76	"Tax revenue"	"will fall"	"as economic growth slows"
The group 's attacks on the Kurdish leadership give it common cause with Saddam Hussein , though a firm link with the Iraqi dictator has not been established .
77	"The group 's attacks on the Kurdish leadership"	"give"	"it"
I showed him 15 photographs which represented what I felt the movie should look and feel like .
78	"I"	"showed should look him"	"15 photographs"
78	"I"	"showed should look"	"15 photographs"
78	"I"	"represented"	"what I felt the movie"
78	"I"	"represented I"	"what I felt the movie"
The p53 protein is known to work as a genetic switch , binding to various sites along the DNA of cells and switching on nearby genes , a process called transactivation .
79	"The p53 protein is known to work as a genetic switch ,"	"switching"	"nearby genes"
79	"protein"	"called"	"transactivation"
79	"protein"	"is known work"	"as a genetic switch"
79	"The p53 protein is known to work as a genetic switch ,"	"binding"	"to various sites along the DNA"
Only 19 percent of a national sample of 1,051 adults surveyed late last week said they believed the accord would reduce the number of teen-agers who begin smoking .
80	"the accord"	"begin"	"smoking"
80	"the accord"	"would reduce of teen-agers who"	"the number"
80	"the accord"	"would reduce"	"the number"
Complete with health spa , three restaurants and 363 rooms in a variety of traditional furnishings , it is dominated by a six-story rotunda .
The companies have been in business for more than 20 years .
Calcavecchia has looked steady recently , finishing in the top 35 in three of his last four starts , including a seventh-place finish at last month 's PGA Championship .
83	"Calcavecchia"	"has looked steady recently finishing"	"in the top 35 in three of his last four starts , including a seventh-place finish at last month 's PGA Championship"
In March , prices rose $ 2.50 per 1,000 cigarettes at wholesale , which equaled about 5 cents a pack for premium cigarettes at retail .
84	"prices"	"rose"	"$ 2.50 per 1,000 cigarettes at wholesale , which equaled about 5 cents"
84	"prices"	"equaled"	"about 5 cents"
84	"prices"	"rose In March"	"$ 2.50 per 1,000 cigarettes at wholesale , which equaled about 5 cents"
But a meeting seemed unlikely .
Four years later , workers still clear rubble from the site of Ufundi House , although the Cooperative Bank Building has been completely renovated and the site of the embassy has been turned into a park , a memorial to the victims of that day .
86	"the Cooperative Bank Building"	"has been turned"	"into a park , a"
Even so , the average rate of new starts for the first eight months of the year -- 1.449 million -- remains close to the eight-year high of 1.476 million new starts recorded in 1996 , according to government statistics .
Maybe Sikes should apply for workman 's compensation .
88	"Sikes"	"Maybe should apply"	"for workman 's compensation"
Last week , the Jets used some new alignments , including one in which John Abraham and Shaun Ellis lined up on one side and Mo Lewis rushed from the other .
89	"John Abraham"	"including lined"	"in which"
Without admitting any error , the department has rapidly increased the number of cattle it tests annually .
90	"the department"	"admitting rapidly increased"	"any error"
90	"the department"	"admitting rapidly increased the number"	"any error"
It did not take long .
She sought out the untouchables of our society and she touched them .
92	"She"	"sought of our society"	"the untouchables"
92	"She"	"sought"	"the untouchables"
You can venture out 100 yards and still find the water no deeper than 4 feet .
93	"You"	"still find"	"the water no"
93	"You"	"can venture"	"100 yards"
Died on Aug. 16 , 1938 , in Three Forks , Miss .
Farris was replaced by sophomore Dustin Long in the second quarter against Pitt , and sophomore Jason Carter and freshman Reggie McNeal played in the opener .
95	"Farris"	"was replaced"	"in the second quarter against Pitt"
95	"Reggie McNeal"	"played"	"in the opener"
BIGGEST CONCERNS Express pilots currently have no pension .
Japanese automakers have taken some of the biggest strides with their new car models : Honda Motor Co. 's new Accord , likely to be a best-seller , is bigger , better and cheaper .
97	"Japanese automakers"	"have taken with their new car models : Honda Motor Co. 's new"	"some of the biggest strides"
Following are excerpts from an interview with Sen. Richard C. Shelby , the Alabama Republican who is the ranking minority member of the Intelligence Committee : `` Maybe God just had a plan for me and wanted me to be around for a little while longer , '' said Johnson , who has a wife , Cookie , and three children .
98	"the Alabama Republican"	"Maybe Maybe just just had for me"	"a plan"
98	"the Alabama Republican"	"wanted"	"me"
98	"God"	"Maybe Maybe just just had for me"	"a plan"
98	"Johnson"	"has Cookie , and three children"	"a wife"
98	"the Alabama Republican"	"Maybe Maybe just just had"	"a plan"
98	"God"	"Maybe Maybe just just had"	"a plan"
98	"God"	"wanted"	"me"
Type in your ZIP code and fill out the easy questionnaire , and you 'll get side-by-side comparisons for plans in your area .
99	"you"	"'ll get for plans in your area"	"side-by-side comparisons"
Katzenberg , for example , is feuding with former employer Disney , which he sued for $ 250 million , claiming he was denied his cut of the Disney animated films he helped make .
100	"he"	"was denied of the Disney"	"his cut"
100	"he"	"animated make he"	"films he helped"
100	"he"	"sued"	"which"
100	"he"	"animated make"	"films he helped"
100	"he"	"was denied"	"his cut"
So , 1,200-degree air is pumped back to the turbine blades from the compressor in order to cool the blades .
101	"1,200-degree air"	"So is pumped back cool"	"the blades"
101	"1,200-degree air"	"So is pumped back cool to the turbine blades from the compressor"	"the blades"
NYT News Service And when `` Presidio Med '' fills the time between those scenes with even more stock situations , it may be a sign that it 's time for a moratorium on medical dramas , if not for complete euthanasia .
M2+CDs rose 3.0 percent in the April-June period .
103	"M2+CDs"	"rose in the April-June period"	"3.0 percent"
But the poverty rate for people 18 to 64 rose a half percentage point , to 10.1 percent .
104	"the poverty rate for people 18 to 64"	"rose to 10.1 percent"	"a half percentage point"
BSA seized items from SM Summit in a raid on Aug. 12 and 13 . c.2002 SAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLE City Supervisor Tom Ammiano , who sponsored the law , said many of the problems were simply a matter of getting the new system up and running .
105	"BSA"	"seized"	"items from SM Summit"
105	"BSA"	"sponsored getting up"	"the law"
105	"BSA"	"said of the problems"	"many"
105	"BSA"	"sponsored getting up the new system"	"the law"
105	"BSA"	"said"	"many"
105	"BSA"	"seized in a raid on Aug. 12 and 13"	"items from SM Summit"
After a few minutes and some lighthearted chuckles , normalcy prevailed and everyone reverted to their traditional duties .
Together , the Alden Trust and the other foundations controlled by the firm have contributed $ 1.7 million to Clark in the last five years .
107	"the Alden Trust"	"controlled"	"by the firm"
107	"the Alden Trust"	"Together have contributed"	"$ 1.7 million"
107	"the Alden Trust"	"Together have contributed to Clark"	"$ 1.7 million"
Of course there are elegant souls who consider such journalism beneath their attention .
108	"elegant souls who consider such journalism beneath their attention"	"consider beneath their attention"	"such journalism"
108	"elegant souls who consider such journalism beneath their attention"	"consider"	"such journalism"
Some think the blend is more weighted toward expedience .
Trucking companies , meanwhile , have finally rebounded after years of laggard performance relative to the rest of the U.S. stock market .
If you have questions , please call Susie McBee or Tim Spence at 202-298-6920 .
Should caulking be done at the time of the reglazing or after , at a cost of $ 70 ? JUDY FRIEDMAN , West Roxbury ENDIT We must continue to lead by example .
112	"We"	"must continue lead"	"ENDIT"
112	"We"	"must continue lead by example"	"ENDIT"
His legislation would allow tax-free savings for expenses , including tuition , for any school , public , private or religious .
113	"His legislation"	"would allow for expenses , including tuition"	"tax-free savings"
Bullion rose as the U.S. dollar fell against the yen and the German mark , making it cheaper for investors using other major currencies to buy the precious metal , analysts said .
114	"analysts"	"using buy said"	"the precious metal"
Solutia is saddled with $ 1 billion in debt and even more than that in retiree medical costs and environmental liabilities .
A grocery store strike between Ralphs ' parent company , Kroger Co. , and 3,300 union employees in Wms T$ Virginia , Ohio and Kentucky ities between the two situations offer reason to hope : Both strikes involve Kroger stores and United Food and Commercial Workers employees , both disputes center on health care plans , both began in early October , and both have been mediated by federal officials .
116	"began in early October"	"involve began have been mediated"	"by federal officials"
Seattle 's roster is old .
Those three were apprehended Sunday .
The most unpopular agencies , he noted , are usually those charged with solving the most unsolvable problems .
119	"those"	"are usually usually charged solving"	"the most unsolvable problems"
119	"The most unpopular agencies"	"are usually usually charged solving"	"the most unsolvable problems"
There should be about 3 cups vegetables chopped medium fine .
The movie , a $ 120 million change of pace for arty `` Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon '' director Ang Lee , is set to debut in June .
121	"The movie , a $ 120 million change of pace for arty"	"Crouching is set"	"Tiger"
Kidd , 29 , the team 's star point guard , extended his current contract years ago and may not sign another extension with the Nets before becoming a free agent on July 1 .
122	"Kidd"	"may not sign becoming"	"another extension"
122	"Kidd"	"the team 's star point guard extended ago"	"his current contract years"
122	"Kidd"	"may not sign becoming with the Nets"	"another extension"
U.S. stocks were mixed after a report on durable goods showed unexpected strength , squelching hopes for a bond market rally that could boost shares .
123	"U.S. stocks"	"were mixed showed after a report on durable goods"	"unexpected strength"
123	"U.S. stocks"	"squelching for a bond market"	"hopes"
123	"U.S. stocks"	"rally could boost"	"shares"
123	"U.S. stocks"	"squelching"	"hopes"
Slowing corporate profits and weakening export growth has also forced economic growth expectations lower .
124	"export growth"	"has also forced"	"economic growth expectations lower"
Euromoney 's executives spent several days this week huddled in negotiations with Robert Teitelman , managing editor of Institutional Investor 's Americas edition , whom they named editor to replace Cudaback .
125	"this week"	"huddled managing in negotiations with Robert Teitelman"	"editor of Institutional Investor 's Americas edition"
125	"this week"	"huddled managing"	"editor of Institutional Investor 's Americas edition"
125	"this week"	"named replace Cudaback"	"editor"
125	"this week"	"named replace"	"editor"
Ms. Denis 's gift is to integrate the characters so fully in their milieu that they emerge from it almost insensibly .
126	"Ms. Denis 's gift"	"emerge almost insensibly"	"from it"
126	"Ms. Denis 's gift"	"is integrate so fully in their milieu"	"the characters"
126	"Ms. Denis 's gift"	"is integrate so fully"	"the characters"
Oh , and keep the cats away .
The board of directors of UAL , the parent company of United Airlines , is likely to name Glenn F. Tilton , an oil industry executive , as the airline 's new president and chief executive in a meeting Monday morning , according to people with knowledge of the situation .
Dell stock fell 2 1/16 to 87 1/8 Friday .
It will also increase luxury taxes on other goods `` that are not essential for development , '' in order to lower non-productive imports .
130	"It"	"will also increase lower"	"luxury taxes"
130	"It"	"will also increase lower on other goods"	"luxury taxes"
Jim Suydam writes for the Austin American-Statesman .
As for Miller and Oswalt , they accept the responsibility without blinking .
132	"Miller"	"accept"	"the responsibility"
For Use By Clients of the New York Times News Service `` I was pretty obnoxious , '' says Steers , who did a year at Hotchkiss and another at an Indiana military school before running away to New York , where he bunked with members of a dance company he had worked for as a stagehand the previous summer on Martha 's Vineyard .
133	"Steers"	"did"	"at Hotchkiss"
133	"Steers"	"had worked"	"as a stagehand"
133	"Steers"	"where bunked"	"with members of a dance company"
133	"Steers"	"running away"	"to New York"
The glamour of Callas ' life has been much exaggerated .
For clients of the New York Times News Service Manufacturers ' orders will likely be stronger than the 9.1 percent growth for the July-September quarter the EPA originally forecast , the government said .
Politicians , historians , locals and the victims ' families are grappling with how the site should be preserved .
Then with sheer determination she shed 70 pounds and became the sleekly beautiful and charismatic musical actress of legend .
Born in New York City to Greek parents , she returned with her mother to Greece at 14 and entered the conservatory in Athens .
138	"she"	"entered in Athens"	"the conservatory"
Gurney boosts backers Stars general manager Bob Gainey said he was uncomfortable with increased team incentives for one player .
I am having my bathtubs reglazed .
140	"I"	"am having reglazed"	"my bathtubs"
BLUE RIBBON COOK BOOK 1907 DEVILED EGGS Cut in two , crosswise , one dozen hard-boiled eggs .
141	"BLUE RIBBON COOK BOOK"	"DEVILED"	"EGGS Cut"
141	"one dozen"	"hard-boiled"	"eggs"
Fowler clearly resented Ickes ' authority , and his testimony affirms once again that Ickes , probably more than any other person , knows the full story of the 1996 Clinton campaign , including President Clinton 's role in the fund-raising excesses .
142	"Fowler"	"clearly resented once again"	"Ickes ' authority"
142	"Fowler"	"knows"	"the full story"
142	"Fowler"	"knows of the 1996 Clinton campaign , including President Clinton 's role in the fund-raising excesses"	"the full story"
Netscape is aiming to distribute 100 million copies of Navigator over the next year through partners , including Internet service providers and U.S. Robotics , a division of 3Com Corp. Wide familiarity with Navigator helps Netscape sell its higher-end Internet software packages , especially to large companies .
143	"Netscape"	"is aiming distribute helps of Navigator"	"100 million copies"
143	"Netscape"	"is aiming distribute helps"	"100 million copies"
Childhood cancers only make up 2 percent of all cancer cases in the United States .
144	"Childhood cancers"	"only make"	"2 percent"
144	"Childhood cancers"	"only make of all cancer cases in the United States"	"2 percent"
He did , and their discussion lit a flame that had temporarily burned out .
145	"their discussion"	"lit that"	"a flame"
But he did n't fool me .
Confusingly , hurricanelike tropical cyclones born over the southwestern Pacific and the Indian Ocean are usually called just `` cyclones '' in the media .
147	"hurricanelike tropical cyclones born over the southwestern Pacific and the Indian Ocean"	"Confusingly are usually called just"	"in the media"
147	"hurricanelike tropical cyclones born over the southwestern Pacific and the Indian Ocean"	"born"	"the southwestern Pacific"
The New York Stock Exchange floor will be a sea of khaki-clad legs tomorrow as Gap Inc. promotes casual Fridays with free pants and shirts for about 3,500 traders .
The spread between the notional yield on the most active 10-year Japanese government bond futures contract and the seven-year swap rate was little changed from yesterday at 42 basis points .
Had I known then what I know now , I might have argued for a different arrangement .
150	"I"	"known I"	"then what"
150	"I"	"known"	"then what"
Kors also used silk on belted polo dresses and trousers .
151	"Kors"	"also used belted"	"silk"
151	"Kors"	"also used belted polo dresses and trousers"	"silk"
If the administration wished to support something appropriate and useful , President Clinton would embrace , rather than resist , U.S. Sen. Paul Coverdell 's K-12 education savings A+ Accounts .
152	"President Clinton"	"would embrace rather than"	"resist"
152	"the administration"	"wished support"	"something appropriate and useful"
152	"President Clinton"	"would embrace rather than , U.S. Sen. Paul Coverdell 's K-12 education savings A+ Accounts"	"resist"
He did n't quite understand what I was getting at , or so he claimed .
153	"He"	"did n't quite understand I"	"what I was getting at"
153	"He"	"did n't quite understand"	"what I was getting at"
We get long digressions about the rivalry between Los Alamos and a second nuclear weapons lab set up at Livermore , Calif. , and eye-glazing asides about technical problems at both labs .
154	"We"	"get about the rivalry between Los Alamos and a second nuclear weapons lab set up at Livermore , Calif."	"long digressions"
154	"We"	"get"	"long digressions"
He was back in Atlanta last October on a non-guaranteed training camp contract , but the Hawks released him so he could sign a guaranteed deal with Panathinaikos , a Greek team that he led to the Euroleague championship .
155	"the Hawks"	"was released"	"him"
155	"the Hawks"	"so could sign"	"a guaranteed deal"
155	"the Hawks"	"led"	"to the Euroleague championship"
Why does this `` moment , '' to use a term bandied about by designers , call for an excess of clothes rendered in guipure lace , with ruffles , ribbons or other frilly edging , in polka-dotted or liquid silks or with lingerie-style details ? $ $ $ Still , traders said they expect investors to look for opportunities to buy temporarily depressed big-company shares , which have outperformed those of smaller companies for the past 2 1/2 years .
156	"they"	"have outperformed for the past 2 1 / 2 years"	"those of smaller companies"
156	"they"	"expect look buy for opportunities"	"investors"
156	"they"	"expect look buy"	"investors"
156	"they"	"have outperformed"	"those of smaller companies"
A spokesman for Hayden said Sunday that the senator was looking at several areas for possible legislation , including clarification of existing laws dealing with stalking and trespassing .
157	"the senator"	"was looking"	"at several areas for possible legislation , including clarification of existing laws dealing with"
What the team did n't count on was that Boselli would have two more surgical procedures on his shoulder after he became a Texan .
158	"What the team did n't count on"	"would have"	"two more surgical procedures"
158	"What the team did n't count on"	"became"	"a Texan"
158	"What the team did n't count on"	"would have on his shoulder"	"two more surgical procedures"
Think of how many people stay in bad marriages because they are financially dependent or simply afraid of the unknown .
159	"how many people"	"stay"	"in bad marriages"
But within seconds , his smile had receded and his tone had again turned serious .
Story Filed By Cox Newspapers -- Dao Heng Bank Group Ltd. was rated `` buy '' in new coverage by analyst Elan Cohen at J.P. Morgan Securities .
161	"Story"	"Filed was rated"	"By Cox Newspapers -- Dao Heng Bank Group"
161	"Story"	"buy"	"in new coverage by analyst"
They sweet-talked , cajoled , and begged people to come talk .
162	"They"	"begged come talk"	"people"
That , he said , is what many of the POWs would like more than anything .
163	"That"	"would like"	"more than anything"
163	"he"	"would like"	"more than anything"
Jane Boynton , a nurse from Miami who heard Forbes speak at the Christian Coalition convention , said : `` He said exactly what the people wanted to hear .
164	"the people"	"speak"	"at the Christian Coalition convention"
164	"the people"	"wanted hear"	"exactly what"
164	"the people"	"heard"	"Forbes"
That 's about 2 percentage points more than investment grade bonds and in contrast to the 6.7 percent average yield on benchmark 30-year Treasuries this year .
The couple was riding in a rented Mercedes-Benz , and the driver , trying to avoid the photographers ' harassment , crashed the car at high speed against a concrete pillar .
166	"The couple"	"trying avoid"	"the photographers"
166	"The couple"	"crashed at high speed against a concrete pillar"	"the car"
They want news of the latest United Nations debate , bulletins on the Sudanese economy , inside dope on the recent political coup in Cambodia .
167	"They"	"want debate"	"news of the latest United Nations"
167	"They"	"want debate inside dope on the recent political coup in Cambodia"	"news of the latest United Nations"
Spokesmen for the SEC and the New York and Philadelphia exchanges declined to say whether they are investigating trading in Salomon 's stock .
168	"Spokesmen for the SEC and the New York and Philadelphia exchanges"	"are investigating in Salomon 's stock"	"trading"
168	"Spokesmen for the SEC and the New York and Philadelphia exchanges"	"are investigating"	"trading"
For starters , try the Internet .
It says that Indonesia will lower tariffs on some goods used to make exports .
170	"Indonesia"	"used make"	"exports"
170	"Indonesia"	"will lower on some goods used to make exports"	"tariffs"
The confusion over ADD is not new .
The BSA suit , filed on behalf of Microsoft Corp. , Autodesk Inc. and Adobe Systems Inc. , alleged SM Summit committed software piracy .
A year ago , three-fifths of Americans said the government had done enough to protect them against another terrorist attack ; now just two-fifths do .
173	"the government"	"protect against another terrorist attack"	"them"
173	"the government"	"protect"	"them"
Plus , Gidley notes , there are also a number of `` push providers '' such as PointCast Inc. , which provides news and information directly to computer users rather than requiring users to surf the Net to find it .
174	"also a number of ` ` push providers ' ' such as PointCast Inc. , which provides news and information directly to computer users rather than requiring users to surf the Net to find it"	"requiring surf find the Net"	"users"
174	"also a number of ` ` push providers ' ' such as PointCast Inc. , which provides news and information directly to computer users rather than requiring users to surf the Net to find it"	"provides"	"news and information directly to computer users rather than requiring users to surf the Net to find it"
174	"also a number of ` ` push providers ' ' such as PointCast Inc. , which provides news and information directly to computer users rather than requiring users to surf the Net to find it"	"requiring surf find"	"users"
Rookie Antonio Bryant is fiery , but he must find some consistency in his route running .
175	"he"	"is must find running in his route"	"some consistency"
175	"he"	"is must find running"	"some consistency"
Airports act as `heat islands , ' so temperatures can vary as much as 10 degrees Fahrenheit from far away vegetable fields and citrus groves .
176	"temperatures"	"so can vary as much from far away heat islands"	"Fahrenheit"
176	"temperatures"	"so can vary as much from far away"	"Fahrenheit"
The Rams sorely miss departed third receiver Az Hakim .
177	"The Rams"	"sorely miss departed"	"third receiver"
In the last four games of the losing streak , they surrendered deciding goals in the last minutes of the half or game three times and were blanked , 4-0 , by Tampa Bay .
178	"they"	"were blanked"	"by Tampa Bay"
178	"they"	"surrendered deciding In the last four games of the losing streak"	"goals"
Eating disorders affect 5 million to 10 million American adolescent girls and women and about 1 million American boys and men .
A similar bill is pending in the Senate , sponsored by Florida Sens. Connie Mack , a Republican , and Bob Graham , a Democrat .
180	"A similar bill"	"is pending sponsored"	"in the Senate"
Taylor missed only one day of school , but another week went by before she could move her head smoothly to the right , or lift her writing arm up to desk level without pain .
181	"another week"	"writing"	"arm"
181	"another week"	"writing to desk level without pain"	"arm"
181	"another week"	"could move smoothly"	"her head"
Well , you can still buy a single quart at the corner store , but it 'll cost you a few dollars extra .
182	"you"	"can still buy at the corner store"	"a single quart"
182	"you"	"'ll cost you"	"a few dollars"
182	"you"	"'ll cost"	"a few dollars"
If force is necessary , let it be force in the best interest of all , and supported by all who truly want a peaceful world .
183	"who"	"is be supported truly want"	"a peaceful world"
Organizations in the 33 states can use the grants announced today for both education and enforcement efforts -- including funding for enforcement , housing counseling and other activities that will promote fair housing , Clinton said .
184	"Organizations in the 33 states"	"housing"	"counseling and other activities"
184	"Organizations in the 33 states"	"can use announced"	"the grants"
184	"Organizations in the 33 states"	"will promote"	"fair housing"
184	"Organizations in the 33 states"	"can use announced today"	"the grants"
Come to think of it , that would be revolutionary .
But Leslie Robison , an epidemiologist from the University of Minnesota , who estimates that 1 out 630 children will develop cancer before the age of 15 , said that cancer has very different implications for a child compared to adults , even for those who survive .
186	"cancer"	"compared"	"to adults"
186	"cancer"	"has for a child compared to adults"	"very different implications"
186	"cancer"	"estimates"	"that"
He calculates his annual maintenance costs at $ 25,000 .
Towers Financial was formed by one-time New York Post bidder Steven Hoffenberg .
188	"Towers Financial"	"was formed"	"by one-time New York Post"
Or it can maintain and expand a safety net that is already larger than many people had thought , possibly giving more discouraged workers reason to depend on a government check .
189	"it"	"is had thought possibly giving"	"more discouraged workers reason"
189	"it"	"expand that"	"a safety net"
189	"it"	"depend"	"on a government"
But Aftonbladet said Chatty was interviewed by the police after Sept. 11 and subsequently made a pilgrimage to Mecca .
190	"Chatty"	"subsequently made"	"a pilgrimage"
190	"Chatty"	"subsequently made to Mecca"	"a pilgrimage"
She said she was looking forward to returning to Texas with her family .
191	"She"	"was looking forward returning"	"to Texas"
And just to get to that point , the Chiefs had to overcome a 10-0 first-half deficit and a 17-14 Seahawks advantage in the third quarter .
192	"the Chiefs"	"had overcome"	"a 10-0 first-half"
For historians , this euphoria rang a bell of memory .
193	"this euphoria"	"rang For historians"	"a bell"
193	"this euphoria"	"rang"	"a bell"
Even if you just want to take a dip , you 'll find the ocean conditions generally inviting -- and family-friendly .
194	"you"	"Even just want take"	"a dip"
Together , the year 's two moves have raised prices 14 percent at the wholesale level , and 7 percent at retail , according to Black .
195	"two moves"	"Together have raised"	"prices 14"
195	"two moves"	"Together have raised at the wholesale level"	"prices 14"
It was Tuesday , he explained .
There is no escaping the fact that Arab political emotions have been shaped by the region 's encounter with French and British colonialism , by the defeat of the Arab effort to prevent the existence of Israel and by the subsequent American support for Israel and its treatment of the Palestinians , as well as by the direct injection of American power into the region .
197	"Arab political emotions"	"prevent of Israel and by the subsequent American support for Israel and its treatment of the Palestinians"	"the existence"
197	"Arab political emotions"	"prevent"	"the existence"
For P.T. International , the drought represents the second setback in as many years .
Diana raised our consciousness about diseased children in Third World countries , people living with AIDS and the ravages of land mines .
199	"people"	"living"	"with AIDS and the ravages of land mines"
Hooters Inc. founded the chain 14 years ago , and owns the company trademark and related rights .
Story Filed By Cox Newspapers Champions of the National Endowment for the Arts , which congressional conservatives are trying to shut down , have joined CBS , Bravo and others in producing public service announcements about the importance of the arts .
201	"congressional conservatives"	"are trying shut down"	"which"
201	"Story"	"Filed have joined producing"	"CBS"
201	"Story"	"Filed have joined producing By Cox Newspapers Champions of the National Endowment for the Arts , which congressional"	"CBS"
Waiting in Guyana for their turn , Charles and Charlene looked after each other .
Today , Mackovic is presented with a real-life role reversal that could prove painful for his football team if played out to the hilt at Rice Stadium .
203	"Mackovic"	"is presented with a real-life"	"role reversal"
203	"Mackovic"	"is presented"	"role reversal"
203	"Mackovic"	"could prove played"	"to the hilt at Rice Stadium"
Next up on the politics-and-calories calendar is a Buell dinner Monday for Chellie Pingree , the Dems ' Maine senatorial candidate .
Meanwhile , Federal Express said it has kept about 15 percent of the extra deliveries it gained during the UPS strike .
205	"Federal Express"	"gained"	"during the UPS strike"
205	"Federal Express"	"has kept of the extra deliveries it"	"about 15 percent"
205	"Federal Express"	"has kept"	"about 15 percent"
Biondi said that Kay Koplovitz would remain as chairwoman of the company .
206	"Kay Koplovitz"	"would remain of the company"	"as chairwoman"
206	"Kay Koplovitz"	"would remain"	"as chairwoman"
Like most visitors to Xi'an , Rubin tours China 's most astounding archeological treasure : the army of thousands of life-size figures that protect the graves of the Chinese emperors .
207	"that"	"protect"	"the graves"
207	"that"	"protect of the Chinese emperors"	"the graves"
The yield spread between an index of option-free 10-year `` A2 '' bank bonds and the 10-year Treasury note was 70 basis points yesterday , 2 basis points wider from a week earlier .
208	"The yield"	"spread"	"between an index of option-free 10-year"
As a human rights officer , she regularly traveled around the country , returning to brief officials about ethnic clashes and human rights abuses that deter Bosnia 's refugees from returning home .
209	"she"	"deter returning home"	"Bosnia 's refugees"
209	"she"	"regularly traveled returning"	"As a human rights officer"
This quality transcended fashion .
Dot with food coloring and wait .
Most were dragged off instantly by police officers who had apparently been warned .
The public was clearly fed up , and as Congress took up the issue in early 2001 the only question seemed to be one of timing , whether the necessary reforms could be enacted before the 2002 midterm elections .
213	"The public"	"took"	"the issue"
213	"The public"	"took as Congress"	"the issue"
213	"the necessary reforms"	"seemed could be enacted"	"before the 2002 midterm elections"
Region prospers While a successful Teamsters union strike last month was viewed as a comeback for U.S. labor , the turmoil surrounding President Ron Carey casts doubt on its future .
214	"the turmoil"	"surrounding"	"President Ron Carey casts doubt"
214	"Region prospers While a successful Teamsters union strike last month"	"was viewed"	"as a comeback for U.S."
214	"the turmoil"	"surrounding on its future"	"President Ron Carey casts doubt"
The subject was a Lakers four-peat - a campaign that begins one week from today , when the Lakers open training camp in El Segundo .
215	"that"	"was four-peat begins from today"	"one week"
215	"that"	"was four-peat begins"	"one week"
By the early 1980s , it was ZZZZ Best that showed how easy fraud could be .
A physician 's diet , exercise , The brewer said the improvement in trading performance was due to increased volumes led by canned Draught Guinness , an 11 percent increase in productivity per employee and returns on a 10 percent increase in marketing investment to 107 million pounds .
217	"The brewer"	"returns"	"on a 10 percent increase in marketing investment"
217	"The brewer"	"canned"	"Draught Guinness"
The number of passengers on Lufthansa 's domestic routes declined 5.5 percent in the first half , even as overall passenger numbers rose 3 percent .
218	"passenger numbers"	"even overall rose"	"3 percent"
218	"The number of passengers on Lufthansa 's domestic routes"	"declined in the first half"	"5.5 percent"
Even though it was first diagnosed by a British pediatrician in 1902 , no one knows what causes it .
It was an area in central Bosnia that Melnick knew well .
The scene was oddly serene compared with the mayhem on Monday after 12 North Koreans tried to enter a compound housing the Ecuadorian Embassy , which is usually lightly guarded .
221	"serene"	"housing"	"the Ecuadorian Embassy"
221	"The scene"	"was oddly oddly compared tried enter"	"a compound"
221	"The scene"	"was oddly oddly compared tried enter with the mayhem on Monday after 12 North Koreans"	"a compound"
221	"serene"	"was oddly oddly compared tried enter with the mayhem on Monday after 12 North Koreans"	"a compound"
221	"The scene"	"housing"	"the Ecuadorian Embassy"
221	"serene"	"was oddly oddly compared tried enter"	"a compound"
Spurred by requests from customers , health food stores started calling their suppliers yesterday looking for the sprouts , which are n't commercially available .
222	"health food stores"	"started calling looking"	"their suppliers"
222	"health food stores"	"started calling looking for the sprouts ,"	"their suppliers"
But do n't let a Web site substitute for a physician , either : Anyone who has himself for a doctor has a fool for a patient .
223	"who"	"has for a doctor"	"himself"
223	"who"	"has"	"himself"
His mother said he was in Saudi Arabia on Sept. 11 .
224	"His mother"	"said"	"on Sept."
The governor 's campaign aides offered a quick retort .
The proposed accord was reached June 20 by the tobacco industry and 39 states .
226	"The proposed accord"	"was reached"	"by the tobacco industry and 39 states"
Among the other companies that got a boost from restructurings , Sara Lee Corp. gained 17 percent for the week after announcing it will sell some business and cut costs to raise $ 3 billion for a stock buyback .
227	"that"	"got"	"a boost"
227	"Sara Lee Corp."	"cut costs raise buyback for a stock"	"$ 3 billion"
227	"that"	"got Among the other companies"	"a boost"
227	"Sara Lee Corp."	"gained announcing for the week"	"17 percent"
227	"Sara Lee Corp."	"gained announcing"	"17 percent"
227	"Sara Lee Corp."	"will sell"	"some business"
227	"Sara Lee Corp."	"cut costs raise buyback"	"$ 3 billion"
The announcement , which came only days after a visit to Pyongyang by Japan 's prime minister , Junichiro Koizumi , marked a significant change of strategy for the administration , which had terminated similar negotiations pursued with North Korea by President Bill Clinton shortly before he left office .
228	"which"	"shortly left"	"office"
228	"which"	"pursued"	"with North Korea"
228	"which"	"came only marked"	"a significant change"
228	"which"	"came only marked after a visit to Pyongyang by Japan 's prime minister , Junichiro"	"a significant change"
228	"which"	"had terminated"	"similar negotiations"
E. Martin Gibson is the company 's chairman and has served as a director of the parent company since 1992 .
Her friend was waiting for her at a bar , shaken and alone .
230	"Her friend"	"was waiting shaken"	"for her"
By contrast , European countries tested 10 million animals last year .
231	"European countries"	"tested By contrast"	"10 million animals"
Sometimes he thinks he is improving , but then he runs out of breath , his pulse and blood pressure start jumping around or he turns forgetful in a way that he never was before .
232	"he"	"then runs jumping around"	"out of breath , his pulse and blood pressure start"
Intel Corp. rose 1 13/16 to 97 3/4 and was among the leaders after it introduced a new product to link computers that improves efficiency 30 percent .
233	"Intel Corp."	"introduced link"	"a new product"
233	"Intel Corp."	"rose percent"	"1 13 / 16 to 97 3 / 4 and was among the leaders"
233	"Intel Corp."	"improves"	"efficiency 30"
233	"Intel Corp."	"introduced link computers that improves efficiency 30"	"a new product"
233	"Intel Corp."	"rose"	"1 13 / 16 to 97 3 / 4 and was among the leaders"
Deutsche BA , meanwhile , saw passenger numbers almost double in the first six months of 1997 , helped by a new marketing campaign and the introduction of two new routes .
234	"Deutsche BA"	"meanwhile saw helped"	"passenger numbers"
234	"Deutsche BA"	"meanwhile saw helped by a new marketing campaign and the introduction of two new routes"	"passenger numbers"
Before tonight 's meeting Clinton aides had been talking to industry officials , trying to wrest new concessions , but with little progress .
235	"Clinton aides"	"had been talking trying wrest"	"new concessions"
235	"Clinton aides"	"had been talking trying wrest Before tonight 's meeting"	"new concessions"
Syrian President Hafez Assad hopes the violence will pressure Israel into relinquishing the Golan Heights , land it captured in the 1967 war .
236	"Syrian President Hafez Assad"	"hopes will pressure relinquishing Israel"	"the violence"
236	"Syrian President Hafez Assad"	"captured"	"in the 1967 war"
236	"Syrian President Hafez Assad"	"hopes will pressure relinquishing"	"the violence"
He now needs inhaled asthma medicine to help him breathe , even though he never had asthma before .
237	"He"	"even never had before"	"asthma"
237	"He"	"help breathe"	"him"
The foundations , separate from the boards of educations , are modeled on those that began appearing in California in the 1970s after the passage of Proposition 13 , which limited property taxes .
238	"The foundations , separate from the boards of educations"	"began appearing"	"in California"
238	"The foundations , separate from the boards of educations"	"limited"	"property taxes"
For example , he wants to erect a multiplex theater and virtual-reality amusement park in Coney Island and is a finalist in the competition to choose a developer for the site of the New York Coliseum in Manhattan .
239	"he"	"choose for the site of the New York Coliseum in Manhattan"	"a developer"
239	"he"	"wants erect For example"	"a multiplex theater"
239	"he"	"wants erect"	"a multiplex theater"
239	"he"	"choose"	"a developer"
They make `` Alabama '' a relatively painless experience , provided , again , you leave before Jewel starts singing .
240	"They"	"make provided again"	"` Alabama"
240	"They"	"leave starts singing"	"before Jewel"
240	"They"	"make provided again ' a relatively painless experience ,"	"` Alabama"
At least 170,000 civilian prisoners died at Majdanek , the suit claims , including 13,000 Jews who were murdered within a month of Bucmys 's arrival .
241	"At least 170,000 civilian prisoners"	"were murdered"	"within a month of Bucmys 's arrival"
241	"the suit claims , including 13,000 Jews"	"were murdered"	"within a month of Bucmys 's arrival"
It was her sheer life force that was almost blinding , so blinding it is hard to believe it was not permanent , such a shock to discover that it could be destroyed or taken away .
To do so , Selig will have to overcome strong feelings on both sides .
243	"Selig"	"will overcome on both sides"	"strong feelings"
243	"Selig"	"will overcome"	"strong feelings"
Meanwhile , another tropical disturbance in the western Gulf of Mexico will promote locally heavy showers along the coast from Texas to the central Gulf States .
244	"another tropical disturbance in the western Gulf of Mexico"	"Meanwhile will promote locally along the coast from Texas to the central Gulf States"	"heavy showers"
244	"another tropical disturbance in the western Gulf of Mexico"	"Meanwhile will promote locally"	"heavy showers"
Woodson kept Chiaverini behind him and made the leaping interception at the Michigan 45 .
245	"Woodson"	"kept behind him"	"Chiaverini"
245	"Woodson"	"made at the Michigan"	"the leaping interception"
Have you ever looked closely at a Cheez Doodle ?
246	"you"	"Have ever looked closely"	"at a Cheez Doodle"
Bensonhurst is a vintage Italian neighborhood , a place of tidy two-family brick homes adorned with Madonnas in the front yard and American flags snapping over the front doors .
247	"homes"	"snapping"	"the front doors"
247	"homes"	"is adorned"	"with Madonnas"
He still remembers when Weinberg came to him with his wife 's sculpture portfolio and proposed making similarly styled knobs and hardware .
248	"Weinberg"	"proposed similarly styled knobs"	"making"
248	"Weinberg"	"proposed similarly styled"	"making"
The money losing airline offered discount prices between western Canadian destinations .
249	"The money"	"losing offered"	"airline"
249	"The money"	"losing offered discount prices"	"airline"
The ailing incumbent , Lansana Conte , in office since seizing power in a coup in 1984 , was widely expected to win .
250	"The ailing incumbent , Lansana Conte , in office since seizing power in a coup in 1984"	"seizing"	"power"
250	"The ailing incumbent , Lansana Conte , in office since seizing power in a coup in 1984"	"seizing in a coup in 1984"	"power"
You can also look up individual carriers for more detailed info on their respective products and special offers .
251	"You"	"can also look for more detailed info on their respective products and special offers"	"individual carriers"
251	"You"	"can also look"	"individual carriers"
At times there were beautiful moments .
252	"beautiful moments"	"were"	"At times"
E-mail her at mmccartycoxohio.com A Ply Gem Industries Inc. shareholder is suing Furman Selz Inc. for $ 100 million , claiming it was negligent in recommending Nortek Inc. 's takeover offer as fair to shareholders .
253	"her at mmccartycoxohio"	"is suing"	"Furman Selz Inc."
253	"Industries Inc. shareholder"	"is suing com A Ply Gem"	"Furman Selz Inc."
253	"her at mmccartycoxohio"	"is suing com A Ply Gem"	"Furman Selz Inc."
253	"Industries Inc. shareholder"	"is suing"	"Furman Selz Inc."
So they fire up the pits and smoke the briskets for 18 hours over mesquite or hickory .
254	"they"	"So fire"	"the pits"
Ruiz hopes Lewis 's decision will give light heavyweight champion Roy Jones Jr. the impetus to take on Ruiz Dec. 7 on HBO , the idea being that the winner would fight the winner of the WBA title next spring .
255	"Ruiz hopes Lewis 's decision"	"will give take"	"light heavyweight champion"
255	"the winner"	"would fight"	"the winner"
255	"the winner"	"would fight of the WBA title"	"the winner"
255	"Ruiz hopes Lewis 's decision"	"will give take Roy Jones Jr."	"light heavyweight champion"
Grbac wore a quizzical look , like a guy who was given a wonderful gift by his worst enemy .
256	"Grbac"	"was given"	"a wonderful gift"
256	"Grbac"	"was given by his worst enemy"	"a wonderful gift"
Turnout was light , according to news agency reports from the capital , Conakry .
A Swiss Bank spokesman in Basel , Michel Willi , declined to comment on the talks , as did a spokesman in London .
258	"A Swiss Bank spokesman in Basel , Michel Willi"	"declined comment as did on the talks"	"a spokesman"
258	"A Swiss Bank spokesman in Basel , Michel Willi"	"declined comment as did"	"a spokesman"
For one thing , members of Congress and their staffs have a traditional `` defined benefit '' program , meaning that they know exactly what they 'll get upon retirement .
259	"they"	"'ll get upon retirement"	"exactly what"
259	"they"	"'ll get"	"exactly what"
He moved Jerry Pettibone 's 6 a.m.
The Stars have a team incentive plan in place that awards bonuses on a years-played basis .
261	"The Stars"	"have"	"a team"
261	"awards"	"bonuses"	"on a years-played basis"
261	"The Stars"	"have in place that"	"a team"
In the most world-renowned episode , seven frantic photographers on motorbikes chased Princess Diana and her companion , Dodi al-Fayed , after leaving the Ritz hotel in Paris .
262	"seven frantic photographers on motorbikes"	"chased leaving In the most world-renowned episode"	"Princess Diana"
262	"seven frantic photographers on motorbikes"	"chased leaving"	"Princess Diana"
The need for strong federal action to protect the right to vote and the integrity of future national elections could not have been clearer .
263	"The need for strong federal action"	"vote"	"national elections"
263	"The need for strong federal action"	"protect"	"the right"
Pale strawberries soaked in a water-based liquid are lined up beside richly colored berries soaked in a balsamic vinegar-brown sugar sauce that stained them vivid red .
264	"Pale strawberries"	"soaked are lined beside richly colored in a water-based liquid"	"berries soaked in a balsamic vinegar-brown sugar sauce that stained them"
264	"Pale strawberries"	"stained"	"them"
264	"Pale strawberries"	"soaked"	"in a balsamic vinegar-brown sugar sauce"
264	"Pale strawberries"	"soaked are lined beside richly colored"	"berries soaked in a balsamic vinegar-brown sugar sauce that stained them"
On Wednesday , FBI Director Louis Freeh told the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Technology , Terrorism and Government Information that the keys and export restrictions are needed by law enforcement to combat criminals in the information age .
265	"keys and export restrictions"	"are needed"	"by law enforcement to combat criminals in the information age"
265	"FBI Director Louis Freeh"	"told On Wednesday"	"the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee"
Clearly , he understands the end of his career is in sight and wants to make the most of the time remaining .
266	"he"	"Clearly understands of his career"	"the end"
266	"he"	"wants make remaining of the time"	"the most"
266	"he"	"Clearly understands"	"the end"
266	"he"	"wants make remaining"	"the most"
He took to the idea and has encouraged the couple ever since .
267	"He"	"has encouraged ever since"	"the couple"
The North Korean leader , Kim Jong Il , promptly satisfied Japan 's demands , although not in the way Japan 's overly confident diplomats had imagined .
In silence , a dozen women emerged in white chadors , the final one in black , standing silently and gazing mutely at the audience .
269	"a dozen women"	"emerged"	"In silence"
269	"a dozen women"	"gazing mutely"	"at the audience"
Silver inventories in Comex warehouses rose 454,000 ounces to 141.118 million ounces , the exchanges said in its daily stockpile report after trading yesterday , up from a 10-month low of 140.664 million ounces .
270	"the exchanges"	"trading"	"yesterday"
270	"the exchanges"	"said"	"in its daily stockpile report after trading yesterday"
Growth in 1998 is also likely to be less than earlier forecast -- 2.1 percent , not 3.0 percent as the IMF estimated in May .
Lois Epstein , an engineer with the Alaska environmental organization Cook Inlet Keeper and a longtime pipeline safety activist , said the legislation achieved a number of needed reforms , but did not go far enough .
272	"the legislation"	"achieved"	"a number"
272	"the legislation"	"achieved of needed reforms"	"a number"
The country can cut benefits at a time when joblessness is rising and leave relatively unskilled workers to fend for themselves .
273	"The country"	"can cut is at a time"	"benefits"
273	"The country"	"leave fend for themselves"	"relatively unskilled workers"
273	"The country"	"can cut is"	"benefits"
273	"The country"	"leave fend"	"relatively unskilled workers"
If the other driver is amenable , the agent said he analyzes the client 's policy to determine whether paying for all the damages will cost less money than paying a premium increase over six years .
274	"the agent"	"paying"	"a premium increase"
274	"the agent"	"paying over six years"	"a premium increase"
274	"the agent"	"analyzes determine paying will cost"	"the client 's policy"
274	"the agent"	"analyzes determine paying will cost for all the damages"	"the client 's policy"
The original basis for some of them grew out of fears of the experience before World War II when totalitarian governments in Europe and Asia controlled all media outlets .
275	"The original basis for some of them"	"grew"	"out of fears of the experience before World War II"
He was so inspired by Snyder 's speech on how he made the program a success that when he learned Snyder had to hurry to the airport , Riley begged to go along for the ride .
276	"Riley"	"begged go along"	"for the ride"
276	"Snyder"	"had hurry"	"to the airport"
276	"he"	"was how made"	"the program"
276	"he"	"was how made a success"	"the program"
We are looking for a middle ground .
Chicken minced very finely may be added if desired .
Hatley created a wild garden , complete with long grasses , hillocks , wildflowers and pathways , that turned the underground stage at the Manhattan Theater Club into a thrilling terrarium , a reminder that in any production , any of the myriad collaborators may leave a brilliant mark .
279	", a reminder that in any production , any of the myriad collaborators may leave a brilliant mark ."	"may leave in any production"	"a brilliant mark"
279	", a reminder that in any production , any of the myriad collaborators may leave a brilliant mark ."	"may leave"	"a brilliant mark"
279	"Hatley"	"turned at the Manhattan Theater Club"	"the underground stage"
279	"Hatley"	"created , hillocks , wildflowers and pathways ,"	"a wild garden"
279	"Hatley"	"turned"	"the underground stage"
And part is probably contained in the lowered expectations so many have about what government and politicians can and cannot do .
280	"part"	"is probably contained can do"	"in the lowered expectations"
Just weeks after the victory over United Parcel Service of America Inc. , a federal overseer was entangled in a fund-raising scandal among Carey aides and resigned , leaving in doubt Carey 's eligibility to run in a new election -- as well as its timetable .
281	"a federal overseer"	"leaving"	"in doubt Carey 's eligibility to run in a new election"
281	"a federal overseer"	"run"	"in a new election"
281	"a federal overseer"	"was entangled"	"in a fund-raising scandal among Carey aides"
2. CHICKEN SOUP FOR THE TEENAGE SOUL , compiled by nn If the owner ca n't read the riot act after a game like that , when can he ?
282	"he"	"compiled"	"by nn"
282	"when"	"compiled"	"by nn"
282	"the owner"	"ca n't read after a game like that"	"the riot act"
282	"2. CHICKEN SOUP FOR THE TEENAGE SOUL , compiled by nn If the owner ca n't read the riot act after a game like that ,"	"compiled"	"by nn"
They 're in the title credits of the film , '' he says .
283	"he"	"'re says"	"of the film"
283	"credits"	"'re says"	"of the film"
Bush instructed Secretary of State Colin Powell to begin intensive diplomacy aimed at crafting a U.N. Security Council resolution that would amount to an ultimatum for Iraq : comply or face the prospect of military attack .
284	"Bush"	"aimed crafting that"	"a U.N. Security Council resolution"
284	"Bush"	"aimed crafting"	"a U.N. Security Council resolution"
284	"Bush"	"face of military attack"	"the prospect"
284	"Bush"	"instructed begin intensive diplomacy"	"Secretary"
284	"Bush"	"instructed begin"	"Secretary"
284	"Bush"	"face"	"the prospect"
284	"Bush"	"would amount"	"to an ultimatum for Iraq"
But Lucas ' next big film is `` The Hulk , '' based on the comic book about Bruce Banner , who , when a scientific experiment goes wrong , is genetically afflicted with the ability to morph into a mammoth being .
285	"who"	"is genetically afflicted"	"with the ability to morph into a mammoth being"
285	"a scientific experiment"	"morph"	"into a mammoth being"
If that fails , the government will liquidate banks that are insolvent .
El Pueblo Gallery is located in space E-13 on Olvera Street , downtown Los Angeles .
Oakland , in need of a catcher after trading Ramon Hernandez to San Diego , acquired Michael Barrett from Montreal for a player to be named later .
288	"trading Ramon Hernandez"	"acquired be named later for a player"	"Michael Barrett"
288	"trading Ramon Hernandez"	"acquired be named later"	"Michael Barrett"
Edge Rams Offensive linemen `` Texans are passionate about cooking briskets , '' McAdams adds .
Hoffenberg was sentenced in March to 20 years in jail and ordered to pay $ 462.6 million in restitution and a $ 1 million fine for defrauding Tower Financial debt holders of $ 460 million .
290	"Hoffenberg"	"defrauding"	"Tower Financial debt holders"
290	"Hoffenberg"	"ordered pay"	"$ 462.6 million"
290	"Hoffenberg"	"ordered pay in restitution"	"$ 462.6 million"
When Adecco was formed , the company said it was the market leader in six of 11 countries that make up 90 percent of the temporary employment market , including France --Europe 's biggest temporary employment market -- Spain , Germany , Switzerland , Britain and Australia .
291	"Adecco"	"was make"	"90 percent"
Pat Day , the winning jockey , agreed that Royal Indy had been `` a little hot and nervous '' before the race , but added : `` She always seems to be like that , so I was n't that concerned .
292	"She"	"be"	"like that"
3Com 's success at integrating U.S. Robotics and the introduction of a large number of new networking products will boost 3Com 's sales and profit margins , said Paul Meeks , director of research at Jurika &AMP ; Voyles LP , which owned 3.7 million 3Com shares at the end of June .
293	"3Com 's success at integrating U.S. Robotics and the introduction of a large number of new networking products"	"will boost"	"3Com 's sales"
293	"Paul Meeks"	"integrating of a large number of new networking products"	"U.S. Robotics"
293	"Paul Meeks"	"integrating"	"U.S. Robotics"
293	"Paul Meeks"	"owned"	"3.7 million 3Com shares"
293	"3Com 's success at integrating U.S. Robotics and the introduction of a large number of new networking products"	"profit"	"margins"
293	"Paul Meeks"	"owned at the end of June"	"3.7 million 3Com shares"
The Rangers and Giants represent opposite viewpoints .
294	"Giants"	"represent"	"opposite viewpoints"
Dell Computer said it 's adding 25 million shares to its stock repurchase program , for a total of 125 million shares , almost a third of its 383 million outstanding as of last quarter .
295	"Dell Computer"	"'s adding to its stock repurchase program"	"25 million shares"
The last prisoner was released in 1988 .
Do look at me with just a little lust !
Pageant officials do not release the winner 's name of the preliminary interview contest until within hours of Saturday night 's final competition .
298	"Pageant officials"	"do not release of the preliminary interview contest until within hours of Saturday night 's final competition"	"the winner 's name"
298	"Pageant officials"	"do not release"	"the winner 's name"
And the same things could have been said in Tennessee and Pittsburgh .
Moving in financial categories .
Boruchin adds : `` The zealots who have been campaigning against cigarettes have trouble telling people that three cigars a week is dangerous to their health .
301	"who"	"have been campaigning"	"against cigarettes"
301	"who"	"have"	"trouble telling people"
301	"who"	"telling"	"people"
And as city officials scrambled to recruit new foster parents , they found themselves struggling to find homes for teen-agers , children suffering from psychological disorders , young mothers with babies and large groups of siblings .
302	"they"	"struggling find"	"homes"
302	"they"	"struggling find for teen-agers"	"homes"
302	"children"	"suffering"	"from psychological disorders , young mothers with babies and large groups of siblings"
Maybe this is what the autistic twins in Oliver Sacks ' `` The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat '' saw with their inner eyes .
303	"the autistic twins in Oliver Sacks ' ` `"	"Mistook saw"	"what"
303	"this"	"Mistook saw"	"what"
303	"the autistic twins in Oliver Sacks ' ` `"	"Mistook saw His Wife"	"what"
303	"this"	"Mistook saw His Wife"	"what"
Their pieces sell well in the $ 20 range , said Michael Rizzuto , a senior buyer at Gracious Home , which was the first store to feature the North River Mint .
304	"Michael Rizzuto"	"was feature"	"the North River Mint"
But a group of protesters showed up and burned two American flags .
Open positions of short sales on the Nasdaq stock market rose 1 percent in the most recent month , according to figures released Wednesday .
306	"figures"	"according released"	"Wednesday"
The Mariners ' oldest players -- Edgar Martinez , Jamie Moyer , John Olerud and Mark McLemore -- have been among the most productive , though Martinez and McLemore have had injury problems .
307	"Martinez"	"have been have had"	"injury problems"
The average yield on junk bonds is a little more than 9 percent so far this year , according to Merrill Lynch &AMP ; Co.
More than 30 years ago , when Ekman first set out to determine whether facial expressions are innate or learned , he was derided by esteemed social scientists , including the famous anthropologist Margaret Mead .
309	"Ekman"	"was derided"	"by esteemed social scientists"
American involvement in the Middle East is clearly the main impulse of the hatred that has been directed at America .
310	"that"	"is has been directed"	"at America"
The troubled answers about the campaign against terrorism at home and abroad conveyed a similar fatalistic , slightly cranky mood .
The findings , which the researchers say probably apply to men too , appear in the current issue of The Journal of the National Cancer Institute .
312	"the researchers"	"say"	"which"
312	"The findings , which the researchers say"	"probably apply too appear"	"to men"
That , in itself , is n't awful .
Nancy Cole , the president of ETS , says that the company is aware that its nonprofit status is a source of concern , particularly to outsiders , as the testing service increases its competition with for-profit businesses .
314	"the testing service"	"is is increases"	"its competition"
314	"the testing service"	"is is increases with for-profit businesses"	"its competition"
Led by Guy Hands , managing director for Nomura International 's Principal Finance Group , the unit has completed more than $ 11 billion in securitizations since 1995 , including the 944 million pound securitization of Angel Trains , which the U.K. government sold as part of its rail privatization program ; the 904 million pound securitization of Annington Homes , a group of 57,000 British military houses ; and the 249 million pound securitization of the Phoenix Inns pub chain Nomura also bought from GrandMet and Fosters .
315	"the U.K. government"	"including sold as part of its rail privatization program"	"which"
315	"the unit"	"has completed including the 944 million pound securitization of Angel Trains , which the U.K."	"more than $"
315	"the unit"	"has completed"	"more than $"
315	"the U.K. government"	"including sold"	"which"
315	"the U.K. government"	"also bought"	"from GrandMet"
He said keeping her off the ballot was part of his effort to promote the emergence of new political leaders , though opposition leaders accuse him of manipulation to protect his hold on power .
316	"opposition leaders"	"protect on power"	"his hold"
316	"He"	"said keeping off the ballot"	"her"
316	"He"	"was promote of new political leaders"	"the emergence"
316	"opposition leaders"	"protect"	"his hold"
316	"He"	"was promote"	"the emergence"
316	"opposition leaders"	"accuse of manipulation to protect his hold on power"	"him"
Joining the NFL in 1950 , the Browns proved themselves once more .
One of the most disturbing factors for Rohrabacher is that there has never been any formal apology from any of the Japanese companies .
Story Filed By Cox Newspapers It is the cultural issues , though , that probably pose the biggest challenges .
319	"Story"	"Filed though"	"By Cox Newspapers"
319	"Story"	"probably pose"	"the biggest challenges"
Poverty rates for children , 16.3 percent , and the elderly , 10.1 percent , were virtually unchanged from 2000 .
Any notoriety for a Latina actress will promote Latina actresses in general , says Bel Hernandez , former actress and publisher of a Hollywood trade publication for Latinos , Latin Heat .
321	"Any notoriety for a Latina actress"	"will promote says Bel Hernandez"	"Latina actresses"
321	"Any notoriety for a Latina actress"	"will promote says"	"Latina actresses"
After a while , they do n't feel the acute pain of someone who has been dumped .
322	"they"	"do n't feel After a while"	"the acute pain"
322	"they"	"do n't feel"	"the acute pain"
Such remarks prompt speculation the U.S. may change its strong-dollar policy .
323	"Such remarks"	"prompt"	"speculation the U.S. may change its strong-dollar policy"
323	"Such remarks"	"prompt the U.S."	"speculation the U.S. may change its strong-dollar policy"
Hose contracted inhalation anthrax while handling mail for the State Department in Sterling , Va .
324	"Hose"	"contracted handling"	"inhalation anthrax"
324	"Hose"	"contracted handling mail for the State Department in Sterling"	"inhalation anthrax"
Police departments launch massive enforcement plans to combat road rage .
325	"Police departments"	"combat"	"road rage"
325	"Police departments"	"launch"	"massive enforcement plans"
The company exported 2.13 million barrels a day of crude oil , and 966,000 barrels a day of refined products .
Cleveland : Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland President Jerry Jordan speaks on money and monetary policy to the Cleveland Business Economists Club , noon .
The event fizzled after the bombing that rocked the games .
328	"The event"	"rocked"	"the games"
Still there is lingering concern that further earthquakes could follow , leading to some `` transportation problems and mud-slides in Colombia , '' according to Tim Fallar , president of The Fallar Co. in West Harrison , New York .
329	"further earthquakes"	"leading"	"to some ` ` transportation problems"
329	"further earthquakes"	"mud-slides"	"in Colombia"
Did not the same radiant hope accompany the transition from the 19th to the 20th century ?
Born in 1912 in Hazelhurst , Miss .
An online bidder in Boerne paid $ 525 for a 20-inch Sony television set that retails at less than $ 350 new .
332	"Sony television"	"set"	"that retails"
332	"An online bidder in Boerne"	"paid"	"$ 525 for a 20-inch Sony television set that retails at less than $ 350 new"
His memory was a good deal better about White House management of the DNC , especially its fund-raising operations .
The company , Hydra Biosciences , is largely based on the work of Dr. Mark T. Keating , a founder of the company and a biologist at Harvard who studies regeneration in zebrafish .
334	"The company , Hydra Biosciences ,"	"is largely based"	"on the work of Dr. Mark T. Keating , a founder of the company and a biologist at Harvard"
334	"The company , Hydra Biosciences ,"	"studies in zebrafish"	"regeneration"
334	"The company , Hydra Biosciences ,"	"studies"	"regeneration"
For its part , Israel has long said it will not pull out of southern Lebanon until it gains a peace treaty with Lebanon and Syria .
335	"Israel"	"gains with Lebanon and Syria"	"a peace treaty"
335	"Israel"	"has long said"	"For its part"
335	"Israel"	"will not pull"	"out of southern Lebanon"
335	"Israel"	"gains"	"a peace treaty"
The finding revealed bay trees , not oak trees , to be the unexpected , key disperser of the disease .
336	"The finding"	"revealed not oak"	"bay trees"
336	"The finding"	"revealed not oak trees"	"bay trees"
At the time , Little said he left Ramirez in the game because the slugger apologized to everybody in the dugout .
337	"Little"	"said"	"At the time"
337	"Little"	"left in the game"	"Ramirez"
337	"the slugger"	"apologized in the dugout"	"to everybody"
The Cardinals considered very seriously drafting Purdue fullback Mike Alstott with their second-round pick a year ago .
338	"The Cardinals"	"considered very seriously drafting"	"fullback Mike Alstott"
He paid $ 350,000 for the car in 1990 , then thoroughly remodeled it .
339	"He"	"paid then thoroughly remodeled"	"$ 350,000 for the car in 1990"
339	"He"	"paid then thoroughly remodeled it"	"$ 350,000 for the car in 1990"
He also appears to be as motivated as he 's been in some time .
The Chinese are still firing eight or nine million workers a year as part of their reforming of state-owned enterprises , and those workers do n't have a safety net '' - much less a wage .
341	"those workers"	"state-owned do n't have"	"a safety net"
Investigators are clearly looking into whether executives misled investors about the financial well-being of the company and its future prospects , said Jacob Frankel , a former Securities and Exchange Commission lawyer now in private practice .
342	"executives"	"misled about the financial well-being of the company"	"investors"
342	"executives"	"its"	"future prospects"
Now you can gag .
Special-interest groups publish studies and issue news releases using road rage to make the case for highway construction , road improvements , tougher traffic regulations .
344	"Special-interest groups"	"publish using make road rage"	"studies and issue news releases"
344	"Special-interest groups"	"publish using make"	"studies and issue news releases"
By early September , not only had the Revolution been involved in an 11-game losing streak , including cup games and exhibitions , they appeared to lose faith in themselves .
345	"the Revolution"	"been involved losing"	"streak"
345	"the Revolution"	"appeared lose in themselves"	"faith"
345	"the Revolution"	"appeared lose"	"faith"
345	"the Revolution"	"been involved losing in an 11-game"	"streak"
In the end , blacks and whites came , and , to hear many of them tell it , climbed over a lot of harsh terrain to get there .
346	"blacks and whites"	"climbed get there of harsh terrain"	"a lot"
346	"blacks and whites"	"hear tell"	"many of them"
346	"blacks and whites"	"hear tell it"	"many of them"
346	"blacks and whites"	"climbed get there"	"a lot"
Playing before a crowd of 39,294 , Army jumped to a 7-0 lead on its second possession , covering 66 yards in a 14-play drive that culminated in a 1-yard leap into the end zone by the junior fullback Joe Hewitt .
347	"that"	"jumped"	"to a 7-0 lead"
347	"that"	"culminated"	"in a 1-yard leap"
Houston : Baker Hughes Inc. releases its weekly survey of the number of active oil and gas drilling rigs in the U.S. and Canada .
Only Nikko Securities Co. has the same top executives it started the year with .
349	"Nikko Securities Co."	"Only has"	"the same top executives"
349	"Nikko Securities Co."	"Only has it"	"the same top executives"
349	"Nikko Securities Co."	"started"	"the year"
Illustrating that point , he asserted that Iraq could be a laboratory for terror groups , easily furnishing them with the chemical and biological weapons it had developed .
350	"he"	"could be easily furnishing with the chemical and biological weapons"	"them"
350	"he"	"could be easily furnishing"	"them"
As for labeling the products flops as Pecoriello did , Reilly said : `` It 's very early days to count on the success of brands that were launched just this summer .
351	"Reilly"	"'s count"	"on the success of brands"
351	"Reilly"	"were launched"	"just this summer"
Some city tests of the water have indeed found small traces of crude oil , and during the trial this summer , Jeff Davis , who supervised a water-pipe replacement in the early 1990s , testified : `` Ooze was coming out of the side next to the water line , and there were pools of oil at the bottom .
352	"pools of oil at the bottom"	"supervised in the early 1990s"	"a water-pipe replacement"
352	"Some city tests of the water"	"have indeed found"	"small traces"
352	"pools of oil at the bottom"	"supervised"	"a water-pipe replacement"
352	"Some city tests of the water"	"have indeed found of crude oil"	"small traces"
352	"Ooze"	"was coming"	"out of the side"
At least that was the case for linebacker Brendon Ayanbadejo at the Rose Bowl on Saturday .
He used T-bone , and then carved the steak off the bone and into slices once it was cooked al sangue , which is to say , deliciously rare , though obviously you should cook the steak just how you like to eat it .
354	"He"	"then carved off the bone"	"the steak"
354	"He"	"obviously should cook"	"the steak"
354	"He"	"just how like eat"	"it"
354	"He"	"was cooked al"	"sangue ,"
To make matters worse , they accidentally bumped into each other in the street some distance from their meeting spot .
355	"they"	"make accidentally bumped"	"matters"
Red Sox manager Grady Little kept Ramirez in the game but later admitted he should have benched him .
With some prompting from his own earlier deposition on this issue , Fowler acknowledged that Harold Ickes , who was deputy chief of staff , had the strongest voice in directing the DNC finance division from the White House .
357	"Fowler"	"acknowledged"	"With some prompting from his own earlier deposition on this issue"
357	"Harold Ickes"	"was directing from the White House"	"the DNC finance division"
357	"Harold Ickes"	"was directing"	"the DNC finance division"
A Georgia inventor has won a patent for a method of regiving items ordered online when they turn out to be white elephants .
358	"A Georgia inventor"	"has ordered"	"won a patent for a method of regiving items"
358	"A Georgia inventor"	"turn"	"to be white elephants"
So Michigan Stadium is indeed the largest in the nation in seating capacity .
Still , the agent said he advises clients who are at fault in minor fender benders where there are no personal injuries to inquire whether a private resolution is possible .
360	"the agent"	"advises who"	"clients who are at fault in minor fender benders"
360	"the agent"	"advises"	"clients who are at fault in minor fender benders"
The latest price rise was the second by the cigarette makers this year .
It went from testing 219 in 1997 to 20,526 last year .
Mills stressed that the release of test results and his plans for a review panel were not a reaction to criticism .
At times there was silence , and sometimes the silence turned volcanic .
364	"the silence"	"sometimes turned"	"volcanic"
364	"silence"	"was"	"At times"
She was a little anxious early on .
That creature was in turn named for the mythical multiheaded serpent that regrew new heads when one was cut off .
366	"that regrew new heads"	"was named"	"for the mythical multiheaded serpent"
366	"one"	"was named"	"for the mythical multiheaded serpent"
Hydra , of Cambridge , Mass. , is named after a pond-dwelling creature that can grow two wholes after being sliced in half .
367	"that"	"can grow being sliced in half"	"two wholes"
367	"that"	"can grow being sliced"	"two wholes"
Yet other studies point to fetal exposure to environmental toxins like lead , cigarettes and alcohol .
With one or two new distributors signing on every week , the Weinbergs are busy planning to expand into clothing hooks and towel racks .
Hevesi said that in managing an investment portfolio , there are a wide array of stocks and that the performance of the broader markets affects the level of return .
370	"the performance of the broader markets"	"affects of return"	"the level"
370	"a wide array of stocks"	"managing are"	"an investment portfolio"
370	"the performance of the broader markets"	"affects"	"the level"
In its report , the IMF also said it cut in half its growth estimate for Japan this year -- to 1.1 percent from May 's estimate of 2.2 percent .
371	"the IMF"	"cut"	"in half its growth estimate for Japan this year -- to 1.1"
371	"the IMF"	"also said"	"In its report"
Moreover , he said that foreign students spend an estimated $ 11 billion a year for tuition and rent , not to mention items ranging from jeans to pizzas .
372	"foreign students"	"spend"	"an estimated $"
372	"foreign students"	"spend for tuition and rent , not to mention items ranging from jeans to pizzas"	"an estimated $"
372	"foreign students"	"ranging pizzas"	"from jeans"
372	"foreign students"	"estimated not mention"	"items ranging from jeans to pizzas"
But starters Torry Holt and Isaac Bruce might be the best and most explosive tandem in the league .
The Bank of Japan said in its quarterly report , the `` josei handan , '' that it expects M2+CDs to grow by about 3.0 percent in the July-September quarter .
374	"The Bank"	"said"	"in its quarterly report ,"
374	"The Bank"	"expects grow"	"M2+CDs"
374	"The Bank"	"expects grow by about 3.0 percent in the July-September quarter"	"M2+CDs"
Another survivor , David Hose , 60 , also expressed frustration over his slow recovery .
375	"Another survivor , David Hose , 60 ,"	"also expressed over his slow recovery"	"frustration"
375	"Another survivor , David Hose , 60 ,"	"also expressed"	"frustration"
TO MIDNIGHT When the results are compiled , sometime next year , the census is expected to confirm what demographers have already been predicting : the steady decline in the Russian population due to ill health , migration and what demographers call `` the echo of war '' from World War II ; the increasing concentration of jobs and wealth in the biggest cities ; and what may be the largest mass movement of people here since Stalin 's forced relocations after World War II .
376	"due to"	"ill"	"health , migration"
376	"demographers"	"call"	"what"
For the major airlines , including Fort Worth-based American , it was as if an artery had been cut .
Some 75 percent said it would not .
Ford plans to announce a similar move soon .
The show is scheduled to be filmed in Austin till November , when MTV will decide whether to continue `` Austin Stories '' for a full season .
380	"MTV"	"will decide continue"	"` ` Austin Stories"
380	"MTV"	"will decide continue for a full season"	"` ` Austin Stories"
380	"The show"	"is scheduled be filmed"	"in Austin"
Sometime later , the smell of a skunk seemed to permeate the bus .
381	"the smell of a skunk"	"Sometime later seemed permeate"	"the bus"
In broad terms , the statement released by Mar 'ie addressed these concerns .
382	"the statement released by Mar ' ie"	"addressed In broad terms"	"these concerns"
382	"the statement released by Mar ' ie"	"released"	"by Mar ' ie"
382	"the statement released by Mar ' ie"	"addressed"	"these concerns"
The 12-month target price is HK$ 51.00 per share .
383	"The 12-month"	"target"	"price"
The exchange next year even may permit growers to trade directly in the market instead of being forced to deal with the 12 market makers authorized by the exchange .
384	"The exchange next year even may permit growers to trade directly in the market"	"authorized"	"by the exchange"
384	"next year"	"permit trade directly"	"in the market"
384	"The exchange next year even may permit growers to trade directly in the market"	"instead of being forced deal"	"with the 12 market makers authorized by the exchange"
384	"next year"	"even may"	"permit growers"
Those close to the company say Tigrett lost support on the board last year when the company took a big hit in the wake of a $ 15 million extravaganza at last year 's Summer Olympics .
385	"the company"	"took in the wake"	"a big hit"
Ratner has been one of the most aggressive builders in the city in recent years and he needs government approval for many of his projects .
386	"he"	"has been needs"	"government approval"
They simply feel nothing .
When Steve Forbes was running for president , he did n't talk very much about the rights of the unborn .
388	"he"	"did n't talk about the rights of the unborn"	"very much"
You do n't have a computer ?
A fitting book for the millennium , Underworld is certain to become a key text for the interpretation of American culture in the second half of the 20th century .
390	"A fitting book for the millennium , Underworld is certain"	"become"	"a key text for the interpretation of American culture in the second half of the 20th century ."
Even as those stocks slumped , smaller stocks rallied , pushing the Russell and Nasdaq to records .
391	"Even as those stocks"	"slumped smaller stocks rallied pushing"	"the Russell"
391	"Even as those stocks"	"slumped smaller stocks rallied pushing to records"	"the Russell"
Fill the spaces in the whites of the eggs with the spiced yolks ; smooth it even with top ; sprinkle with chopped parsley ; garnish with the same and serve cold .
In response , a group of Amherst College students held a patriotism rally in October , reciting the Pledge of Allegiance .
393	"a group of Amherst College students"	"held rally reciting"	"a patriotism"
393	"a group of Amherst College students"	"held rally reciting In response"	"a patriotism"
Koizumi and his foreign ministry have come under harsh criticism for promising North Korea large amounts of aid , as well as normalization talks , in exchange for clear information about the abductees .
394	"Koizumi and his foreign ministry"	"have come promising as well"	"under harsh criticism"
394	"Koizumi and his foreign ministry"	"have come promising as well North Korea"	"under harsh criticism"
They litter the road to redemption with chaos , contraband , broken marriages , jilted women and political aspirations , but there still is a ray of hope and happiness for the residents of a small Cuban town called Guantanamera .
395	"They"	"is called"	"Guantanamera"
395	"They"	"jilted"	"women and political aspirations"
395	"They"	"litter with chaos , contraband , broken marriages , jilted women and political aspirations"	"the road"
That sharp drop in confidence was mirrored in follow-up interviews .
396	"That"	"sharp was mirrored"	"drop in confidence"
396	"That"	"sharp was mirrored in follow-up interviews"	"drop in confidence"
The large multinational companies in the S&AMP;P 500 and the Dow had performed best this year , until those averages peaked on Aug. 6 .
397	"The large multinational companies in the S&AMP ; P 500 and the Dow had performed best this year , until those averages"	"peaked"	"on Aug."
In many quarters , the dead princess is being hailed as a visionary struck down in a battle to drag the stuffy monarchy and all of Britain into the 21st century .
398	"the dead princess"	"is being hailed drag In many quarters"	"the stuffy monarchy"
398	"the dead princess"	"is being hailed drag"	"the stuffy monarchy"
You likely have all but one of the ingredients in }72847:929434:77 ;*4292092607 ;0940:477973 :4219 9:06309227921482 1: :10941066 7:722d table salt , water , ammonia and laundry bluing .
In the U.S. , Volkswagen sales peaked at 293,000 in 1980 , dropped to 49,533 in 1993 , then climbed to 135,907 in 1996 .
Lucas plays Banner 's nemesis , Maj .
In the auction 's early hours , as people stood in two-hour lines just to get into the bidding room , it seemed that the Enron connection was propping up some dubious prices .
402	"people"	"just get seemed"	"into the bidding room"
402	"people"	"'s stood"	"in two-hour lines"
402	"the Enron connection"	"was propping"	"some dubious prices"
How many cigars do I need to smoke a day to get cancer ?
403	"I"	"do need smoke get"	"How many cigars"
403	"I"	"do need smoke get cancer"	"How many cigars"
Shares of the New York-based company rose 5 1/4 , or 8.4 percent , to 67 3/4 in midday trading of 2.1 million , triple the three-month daily average .
404	"Shares of the New York-based company"	"rose"	"5 1 / 4 , or 8.4 percent"
Remove the yolks carefully , mash them very fanE$ and season sparely with mustard , vinegar , salt , pepper and a tablespoonful of melted butter .
SLOW RETURN : Carroll said he would hold tailback Justin Fargas out of practice to make sure they are available for next week 's game with Colorado .
406	"Carroll"	"would hold tailback make out of practice"	"Justin Fargas"
406	"Carroll"	"would hold tailback make"	"Justin Fargas"
I do n't know why I said it , but I did , and the secretary turns to me and says , ` You know , you 've got a point there . '
407	"I"	"'ve got there"	"a point"
407	"I"	"why said"	"it"
In contrast to the two technique books , it has few photos in its 500+ pages , and those illustrate concepts such as the water solubility of anthyocyanins .
408	"it"	"has In contrast to the two technique books"	"few photos"
The rules were written to encourage diversity of voices on the airwaves and competition among media outlets , and to prevent the biggest companies from becoming too powerful in controlling news and entertainment .
409	"The rules"	"were written encourage"	"diversity"
409	"The rules"	"were written encourage of voices on the airwaves and competition"	"diversity"
409	"The rules"	"prevent"	"the biggest companies"
409	"The rules"	"prevent from"	"the biggest companies"
The new Cadillac is scheduled to go on sale next summer for model year 2004 .
410	"The new Cadillac"	"is scheduled go"	"on sale"
U.S. officials say Japan has done little since April to change unfair port practices .
411	"Japan"	"has done change"	"unfair port practices"
Since the report was prepared , however , the energy market has declined and the number of possible buyers has dwindled , diminishing the value of those assets , analysts say .
412	"the report"	"has dwindled diminishing"	"the value"
In the past , senior American intelligence officials have said that some Iraqi fighters who opposed the United States in Afghanistan have now drifted back to Iraq and joined ranks with Ansar al-Islam .
413	"some Iraqi fighters who opposed the United States in Afghanistan"	"joined with Ansar al-Islam"	"ranks"
413	"some Iraqi fighters who opposed the United States in Afghanistan"	"opposed"	"the United States"
Hilton 's shares rose 1 1/16 to 33 3/16 .
Mar 'ie said the government will also `` encourage '' the merger of insolvent banks with solvent ones .
By GREG LUCAS The end-of-the-month deadlines are a result of the landmark Immigration Reform Act passed by Congress last year to turn back the tide of illegal immigrants .
416	"Immigration Reform Act"	"are passed turn by Congress"	"the tide"
416	"Immigration Reform Act"	"are passed turn"	"the tide"
He has n't had a save opportunity in nine games , matching a season high .
417	"He"	"has n't had matching in nine games"	"a save opportunity"
417	"He"	"has n't had matching"	"a save opportunity"
She has done so with depth and confidence .
418	"She"	"has done so"	"with depth and confidence"
Also , on a recent afternoon , the waves were so small and punchless that they could n't even provide sufficient lift for a 165-pound bodysurfer .
419	"they"	"were could n't even provide"	"sufficient lift"
419	"they"	"were could n't even provide for a 165-pound bodysurfer"	"sufficient lift"
She knew too well that the world is filled with people who talk about virtue but has a much shorter supply of those who act on it .
420	"well that the world"	"has of those who"	"a much shorter supply"
420	"well that the world"	"is filled"	"with people"
420	"well that the world"	"act"	"on it"
420	"well that the world"	"has"	"a much shorter supply"
420	"well that the world"	"talk"	"about virtue"
Yet in her work for people with AIDS she broke through .
In fact , Clark appears to have a reserved seat .
422	"Clark"	"appears have"	"a reserved seat"
422	"Clark"	"appears have In fact"	"a reserved seat"
Seagram shares rose C$ 0.25 to C$ 50.30 in midmorning Toronto trading and rose 3/16 to 36 3/16 in New York .
423	"Seagram shares"	"rose"	"C$ 0.25 to C$ 50.30"
423	"midmorning Toronto trading and"	"rose"	"3 / 16 to 36 3 / 16 in New York"
Does it still matter who wins ?
424	"it"	"Does still matter wins"	"who"
Helou joins a number of top writers like Claudia Roden , Paula Wolfert and Nancy Harmon Jenkins , in making the Mediterranean the focus of their studies .
425	"Helou"	"joins making of top writers like Claudia Roden , Paula Wolfert and Nancy Harmon Jenkins"	"a number"
425	"Helou"	"joins making"	"a number"
Instead , he gives blow-by-blow accounts of encounters Oppenheimer had in the 1930s with Communist sympathizers , of FBI efforts to bug his homes and offices , of the machinations of Lewis Strauss on the Atomic Energy Commission to have him removed from power and of differences Oppenheimer had with his colleagues .
426	"he"	"Instead gives of encounters Oppenheimer"	"blow-by-blow accounts"
426	"Oppenheimer"	"had"	"of differences"
426	"he"	"Instead gives"	"blow-by-blow accounts"
426	"Oppenheimer"	"bug have removed"	"his homes"
426	"Oppenheimer"	"bug have removed him"	"his homes"
426	"Oppenheimer"	"had"	"in the 1930s with Communist sympathizers , of FBI efforts to bug his homes and offices , of the machinations of Lewis Strauss on the Atomic Energy Commission to have him removed from power and of differences"
As Dr. Norman J. Silver was winding down his orthopedic surgery practice in New Rochelle , N.Y. , he wanted to make sure there were opportunities for continuing education in the place where he would ultimately retire .
427	"As Dr. Norman J. Silver"	"wanted make"	"opportunities"
427	"As Dr. Norman J. Silver"	"was winding"	"his orthopedic surgery practice"
They defeated the defending champion Philadelphia Eagles handily in their first NFL game and went on to win the league championship with a dramatic 30-28 victory over the Los Angeles Rams .
428	"They"	"defeated handily champion Philadelphia Eagles"	"the defending"
428	"They"	"went on win"	"the league championship"
428	"They"	"defeated handily"	"the defending"
428	"They"	"went on win with a dramatic 30-28 victory over the Los Angeles Rams"	"the league championship"
Two other suspects , Brian Jay Robbins , 28 , and Ronald Eugene Timms , late 20s , were arrested Wednesday afternoon .
Are the awards just an excuse to haul the stars out in finery given to them by designers ?
Some historians and the Turkish government have disputed claims of an organized genocide and the numbers of Armenians killed .
431	"Some historians and the Turkish government"	"have disputed of an organized genocide and the numbers of Armenians killed"	"claims"
431	"Some historians and the Turkish government"	"have disputed"	"claims"
Those very same men who dismissed her as `` barmy '' are now seen in TV studios up and down the land regaling us with tales of her specialness .
432	"the land"	"dismissed"	"her"
432	"the land"	"regaling with tales of her specialness"	"us"
432	"the land"	"regaling"	"us"
432	"the land"	"dismissed as ` ` barmy"	"her"
Earrings and facial hair are now OK .
Strong wind gusts and most of the heavy rain will remain offshore Tuesday , although a few squalls will reach the immediate coast from South Carolina to northern Florida .
434	"a few squalls"	"will reach from South Carolina"	"the immediate coast"
434	"Strong wind"	"will remain"	"offshore Tuesday"
The test results have just been compiled , said Mills , who added that he wants as much public input and discussion on the new tests as possible .
435	"Mills"	"wants"	"as much public input"
We moved boxes and bags , favorite shirts and CDs , computer , new socks , notebooks , tennis racket , and shoebox stuffed with emergency chocolate cupcakes , into a microscopically small dorm room , half of which would be inhabited by a completely unknown quantity and the other half of which would be inhabited by a quantity so known and so loved that I ca n't even remember any time passing at all between his first tiny breath 18 years ago and the one he draws in today so that he can say , `` Bye , Mom .
436	"We"	"ca n't even remember 18 years ago"	"any time"
436	"We"	"moved stuffed"	"boxes and bags , favorite shirts and CDs , computer , new socks , notebooks , tennis racket , and shoebox"
436	"half of which"	"would be inhabited"	"by a completely unknown quantity and the other half of which"
436	"We"	"would be inhabited so known"	"by a quantity"
436	"We"	"moved stuffed with emergency chocolate cupcakes"	"boxes and bags , favorite shirts and CDs , computer , new socks , notebooks , tennis racket , and shoebox"
When he failed to have the lawyers dismissed by a judge , he said , he decided to attack them .
437	"he"	"dismissed"	"by a judge"
437	"he"	"decided attack"	"them"
437	"he"	"failed have"	"the lawyers"
White House aides say the Democratic president plans to offer his fast-track bill to the Republican Congress sometime during the second week of September , which already promises to be hectic .
438	"White House"	"offer sometime to the Republican Congress"	"his fast-track bill"
438	"White House"	"aides say"	"the Democratic president plans"
438	"White House"	"offer sometime"	"his fast-track bill"
Today 's average yield on the sale of C$ 2.1 billion of six-month bills was 3.615 percent , up from 3.561 percent two weeks ago .
Hot-rolled and cold-rolled sheet , which has a smoother finish and is used on the outside of autos and appliances , account for about half of all U.S. steel shipments .
440	"which"	"is used on the outside of autos and appliances"	"account"
440	"U.S."	"steel"	"shipments"
440	"which"	"is used"	"account"
440	"which"	"has"	"a smoother finish"
When I finally got the package the next day , the phone was activated , though the battery needed to be charged for four hours .
441	"the battery"	"needed be charged"	"for four hours"
441	"the phone"	"finally got"	"the package"
The clamor for coverage arising from Diana 's death recalled how profitable her image had been for some publications during her life .
442	"The clamor for coverage arising from Diana 's death"	"arising"	"from Diana 's death"
With the patent issued to William Dodd , from Marietta , a present could become a virtual gift that only ligHtli touches down in the recipient 's e-mail box before being rejected and passed on to someone else with the click of a mouse .
443	"only ligHtli"	"passed"	"to someone else with the click of a mouse"
443	"only ligHtli"	"touches down being rejected in the recipient 's e-mail box"	"that"
443	"a present"	"could become"	"a virtual gift that only"
443	"only ligHtli"	"touches down being rejected"	"that"
Then the secretary tells me a second one hit the towers , and I said right out loud , ` It must be an Arab . '
Space business will boom , he said , if the federal government will leave it largely unregulated .
445	"the federal government"	"will leave largely unregulated"	"it"
Traina and three other trustees , including Fletcher and Clark treasurer James E. Collins , each make $ 123,000 a year for part-time work .
In fact , Fox , ABC and UPN are offering the same shows in the time slot now as they did a year ago .
447	"ABC"	"are offering now now"	"the same shows"
447	"ABC"	"are offering now now In fact"	"the same shows"
447	"Fox"	"are offering now now In fact"	"the same shows"
447	"ABC"	"did ago ago"	"a year"
447	"Fox"	"did ago ago"	"a year"
447	"Fox"	"are offering now now"	"the same shows"
Brown and her staff persisted .
Some of that money is earmarked for the new Traina Center for the Arts .
449	"Some of that money"	"is earmarked"	"for the new Traina Center"
I did n't stop living because I was diagnosed with HIV.
What he did n't understand was the true essence of the Raiders : You might not understand it all , but you 're never going to get cheated .
451	"he"	"was might not understand"	"it all"
When the passengers realized that other commercial jets had been hijacked and crashed , they fulfilled `` the quintessential American desire to act '' and `` decided to take matters into their own hands to avert a catastrophe , '' he said .
452	"other commercial jets"	"decided take avert"	"matters"
452	"other commercial jets"	"decided take avert into their own hands"	"matters"
Officials at Volvo , long known for safe design , acknowledge that their cars are no match for a large sport utility vehicle .
Sacks wrote of how he observed the brothers one day at a state mental hospital as they sat in apparent rapture exchanging six-figure primes that they seemed to pull from their heads .
454	"Sacks wrote of how he observed the brothers one day at a state mental hospital as they sat in apparent rapture"	"exchanging"	"six-figure primes"
454	"Sacks wrote of how he observed the brothers one day at a state mental hospital as they sat in apparent rapture"	"seemed pull"	"from their heads"
454	"Sacks wrote of how he observed the brothers one day at a state mental hospital as they sat in apparent rapture"	"sat"	"in apparent rapture"
454	"Sacks wrote of how he observed the brothers one day at a state mental hospital as they sat in apparent rapture"	"how observed"	"the brothers"
454	"Sacks wrote of how he observed the brothers one day at a state mental hospital as they sat in apparent rapture"	"how observed mental hospital"	"the brothers"
Mary McCarty writes for the Dayton Daily News .
You should probably just go online .
One of life 's simple pleasures is guessing who 'll walk away with the VeeHee .
2. Place the garlic and jalapeno in the bowl of a food processor .
As dramatic as these developments are , the tipping point is a long way off , said Stephen S. Roach , chief economist at Morgan Stanley .
For this year , Thailand is bracing for growth of only 3 percent or even a recession ; the Philippines expects gross domestic product to grow 5.55 percent ; Standard &AMP ; Poor 's expects Malaysia to grow 7 percent ; Indonesia 's economy is expected to expand 7 percent and Singapore 's between 6 percent and 7 percent .
460	"the Philippines"	"expects grow"	"gross domestic product"
460	"Indonesia 's economy"	"Poor 's expects Malaysia to grow 7 percent ; is expected expand"	"7 percent"
460	"Indonesia 's economy"	"expects grow"	"Malaysia"
460	"the Philippines"	"expects grow 5.55 percent"	"gross domestic product"
460	"Thailand"	"is bracing"	"For this year"
460	"Indonesia 's economy"	"expects grow 7 percent"	"Malaysia"
Company after company followed suit as heightened security at major airports posed new obstacles .
461	"Company after company"	"followed posed"	"suit as heightened security at major airports"
461	"Company after company"	"followed posed new obstacles"	"suit as heightened security at major airports"
When speed is your life , the race never ends .
That carpet cleaning company was started by a 16-year old who wound up with stock worth more than $ 100 million after his company went public .
463	"carpet cleaning company"	"was started"	"by a 16-year old"
463	"carpet cleaning company"	"wound"	"with stock worth more"
In Norway , striking offshore oil workers forced state-owned oil company Statoil to shut down its 40,000 barrel-a-day Yme oil field in the North Sea .
The other five are still alive and will be allowed to return home if they want .
Lucas stopped in Atlanta recently to talk about `` Sweet Home Alabama , '' his new romantic comedy with Reese Witherspoon .
In return for shelling out the $ 368.5 billion , Philip Morris , RJR Nabisco Holdings Corp. and other tobacco companies would obtain protection from future class-action lawsuits that have threatened the industry 's well-being .
467	"that"	"have threatened"	"lawsuits"
Or balanced on the tip of the tongue .
But Alea and Tabio use political strife as a broad backdrop on which to place the characters instead of making specific statements about revolution .
469	"Alea"	"use place instead of making as a broad backdrop"	"political strife"
469	"Alea"	"use place instead of making"	"political strife"
The dollar often declines when U.S. Treasury officials express concern that Japan may be trying to boost its economy through exports .
470	"Japan"	"may be trying boost through exports"	"its economy"
470	"Japan"	"may be trying boost"	"its economy"
Perhaps examining the food on the plate too closely is something we should all avoid .
Specifically , he 's driven by the prospect of rematches with Shane Mosley and Felix Trinidad , the only fighters to beat him .
472	"he"	"beat"	"him"
472	"he"	"Specifically 's driven"	"by the prospect of rematches with Shane Mosley and Felix Trinidad"
Efforts to reach Johnson were unsuccessful .
When you have to resort to 1,200-degree air to cool something , you 're running a hot system .
474	"you"	"have resort 1,200-degree cool something"	"air"
474	"you"	"have resort 1,200-degree cool"	"air"
I asked the Armenian native if the neighborhood kids or anybody else ever poked fun at the sign , which is basically a Bart Simpson dream come true .
475	"the neighborhood kids or anybody else"	"ever poked"	"fun"
475	"the neighborhood kids or anybody else"	"ever poked at the sign ,"	"fun"
Ariel bought its shares in the mid-teens .
476	"Ariel"	"bought in the mid-teens"	"its shares"
They add barbecue sauces developed with Texas taste panels for the chopped and sliced versions .
477	"They"	"add developed"	"barbecue sauces"
477	"They"	"add developed with Texas taste panels"	"barbecue sauces"
477	"They"	"sliced"	"versions"
Lee Janzen IF PUSHED TO THE WALL , ISRAEL MIGHT FIRE NUKES That earned him the respect of analysts and investors , though the public remains skeptical .
478	"Lee Janzen"	"earned him"	"the respect"
478	"Lee Janzen"	"earned"	"the respect"
478	"Lee Janzen"	"PUSHED"	"TO THE WALL"
Arnoldy logs about 30,000 miles a year aboard Intrepid , parking it on a private siding in Houston when he 's not riding the rails .
There were also searches of two warehouses owned by the firms in Schleswig-Holstein state and the office of the firms ' tax adviser in Hamburg .
480	"searches of two warehouses owned by the firms in Schleswig-Holstein state"	"owned"	"by the firms in Schleswig-Holstein state"
480	"searches of two warehouses owned by the firms in Schleswig-Holstein state"	"were also"	"of the firms ' tax adviser in Hamburg"
The Treasury Department is responsible for U.S. foreign exchange policy .
So is Nissan Motor Co. 's Altima .
Television pictures showed police officers climbing over the roof and entering the offices of two related companies , Tatari Design and Tatex Trading G.m.b.H. , in Fitzbek , a village 35 miles from Hamburg .
483	"Television pictures"	"showed climbing the roof"	"police officers"
483	"Television pictures"	"showed climbing"	"police officers"
483	"Television pictures"	"entering"	"the offices"
483	"Television pictures"	"entering of two related companies , Tatari"	"the offices"
Sprint Corp. 's recent disclosure that it expects a net loss in wireless customers this quarter helped send the company 's PCS tracking stock below $ 2 on Wednesday for the first time .
484	"PCS"	"tracking"	"stock"
484	"PCS"	"tracking on Wednesday"	"stock"
484	"it"	"expects in wireless customers this quarter"	"a net loss"
They are moving to install side air bags to provide more protection to the head and chest .
485	"They"	"provide"	"more protection"
485	"They"	"provide to the head and chest"	"more protection"
The average yield on the sale of C$ 1.9 billion of one-year bills was 4.167 percent , up from 4.165 percent two weeks ago .
It has outstanding stock options that could swell its roster of shares by 15 percent , and thus reduce earnings per share .
487	"It"	"could swell of shares by 15 percent"	"its roster"
487	"It"	"could swell"	"its roster"
487	"It"	"has that"	"outstanding stock options"
They say it cannot be done , but we beat City Hall , '' said Becky Fenger , a spokesperson for NO Transit Taxes .
488	"They"	"beat"	"City Hall"
488	"They"	"say be done"	"it"
When the university 's president , Richard P. Traina , retired in 2000 , he moved right into a spot on the board of the George I. Alden Trust , a $ 135 million foundation that 's run out of Fletcher , Tilton 's offices and which has been a strong Clark supporter .
489	"he"	"moved on the board of the George I. Alden Trust , a $ 135 million foundation that"	"right into a spot"
489	"he"	"'s run"	"out of Fletcher"
July 's exports surpassed June 's total of $ 24.39 billion , and were well ahead of the previous January benchmark of C$ 24.88 billion .
490	"July 's exports"	"surpassed"	"June 's total of $"
Its commercial spine , 18th Avenue , is chock full of pork and pasta stores and the Italian colors of green , white and red everywhere .
Instead of converging on the meeting place , Hall and Sax both approached from the same direction .
Musharraf defended his government 's decision to ban Bhutto , now living in exile in London and charged with corruption , from taking part in parliamentary elections .
493	"Musharraf"	"taking in parliamentary elections"	"part"
493	"Musharraf"	"defended now living"	"his government 's decision"
493	"Musharraf"	"taking"	"part"
493	"Musharraf"	"defended now living in exile"	"his government 's decision"
493	"Musharraf"	"ban"	"Bhutto"
The demoted starter had not pitched in a week , but showed no signs of the long layoff .
494	"The demoted starter"	"showed of the long layoff"	"no signs"
494	"The demoted starter"	"showed"	"no signs"
McDaniel postponed ruling on Reilly 's motion and also on a defense motion to move the trial out of Middlesex County because of the publicity the case has received .
495	"McDaniel"	"move"	"the trial"
495	"McDaniel"	"move out of Middlesex County"	"the trial"
495	"McDaniel"	"postponed on Reilly 's motion and also on a defense motion to move the trial out of Middlesex County because of the publicity the"	"ruling"
Beyond these practical considerations , there are other factors that can affect quality of life .
496	"other factors that can affect quality of life"	"are"	"Beyond these practical considerations"
496	"other factors that can affect quality of life"	"can affect"	"quality of life"
That 's enough of a difference to entice pension funds into junk .
But Dionne said he was skeptical about whether television advertising is so powerful .
The agency suspended imposition of the $ 100,000-per-voyage fines in April after Japan promised to address U.S. concerns by today .
499	"The agency"	"fines"	"in April"
499	"The agency"	"suspended promised address"	"imposition"
499	"The agency"	"suspended promised address of the $ 100,000-per-voyage fines in April after Japan"	"imposition"
